{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f3\fnil Tms Rmn;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs16 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MEMQ8P}
\pard\sa115 \fs16 You can place units on this terrain, and units can cross this terrain in the game. This includes terrain such as dirt, grass and concrete.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BM9BAL}
\pard\sa115 The amount of slots required for any unit/building in the game.  Certain units take up 4 unit slots, while other units will only take up a single unit slot.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} UY3IVQ}
\pard\sa115 These include resources, critters, and power-ups.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 23RTFXO}
\pard\sa115 Units that are placed under the control of a player that send any units near.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19DCPIQ}
\pard\sa115 The Player can see terrain but cannot see any troops or activity in the area.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_PLAYERX}
\pard\sa115 Players are any units that are controlled by humans or the computer.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1L9W5LX}
\pard\sa115 Current Player is the player that the trigger is evaluating the condition/action for.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ZFI58P}
\pard\sa115 Foes are any players that not allied with you.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11BKYBB}
\pard\sa115 Allies are any players that are allied with you, or are a part of the same force.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 27YJRCD}
\pard\sa115 Neutral Players are all players that are listed as Neutral under the player settings.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_ALLPLAYERS}
\pard\sa115 All Players are all of the players in the scenario.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_FORCEX}
\pard\sa115 Forces are groups of players assigned to accomplish a similar set of goals.  Forces can be uniquely named for your convenience.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} K48SEX}
\pard\sa115 Non Allied Victory Players are all of the players that do not have the \ul allied victory\plain\fs16  check box chosen in their communications dialog.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_CLOSE}
\pard\sa115 This closes the current window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_LOADTRIGGERS}
\pard\sa115 This will import a previously saved trigger file (*.TRG) from your computer.  This allows you to apply the trigger-set in one scenario to the trigger-set in another.  This will not erase the triggers that are already a part of your map.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_SAVETRIGGERS}
\pard\sa115 This will export the triggers that you have created into a trigger file (*.TRG) so that you can use the file later.  This will allow you to transport your triggers, and to apply them to other scenarios if you desire.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_NEW}
\pard\sa115 This command allows you to create a new trigger or aspect, such as a condition or action, of the trigger. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_MODIFY}
\pard\sa115 This option allows you to modify the currently selected item.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_COPY}
\pard\sa115 This allows you to make a copy of an item that you have already defined.  This option is useful when you are doing many of the same items and changing nothing about them, or are just making small changes.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_DELETE}
\pard\sa115 After clicking on the item that you want to delete, use this command to permanently erase it from the scenario.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_TRIGGERS}
\pard\sa115 This area lists the triggers that are currently in the campaign that you are modifying.  These triggers can be selected for individual manipulation, copying, or deletion.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_PLAYERS}
\pard\sa115 Any players and/or teams that have a trigger associated with them will be listed here.  This allows for quicker access to the trigger type that you want to modify.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_CONDITIONS}
\pard\sa115 Any of the conditions that you create will be listed in this area with a checkmark beside the condition, allowing you to toggle its status on or off.  Also, you may select an individual condition and copy, delete, or modify its values.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_OK}
\pard\sa115 This signals the program that the input that you have given it is to your satisfaction and will save the current settings.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_CANCEL}
\pard\sa115 This signals the program that the input that you have given it is \ul not\plain\fs16  to your satisfaction and will \ul not\plain\fs16  save the current settings.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_CONDITIONTEXT}
\pard\sa115 The condition text gives a general overview of what this particular condition will require of the player.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_BACK}
\pard\sa115 This moves to the previous page in the Wizard.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_NEXT}
\pard\sa115 This continues to the next page in the Wizard.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_CONDITIONLIST}
\pard\sa115 These are the conditions that you can test against the players in a scenario.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_USERVALUE}
\pard\sa115 User values are customizable to your settings, and they can also be modified at any time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_PLAYERLIST}
\pard\sa115 Players are anything from individual players, to complete forces.  For a complete list of player definitions, see the player details.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_LEASTORFEWER}
\pard\sa115 This selection dialog allows you to decide if the player should have at least the number of units specified, or less then the number specified.
\par \page
\pard\sa115 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_NUMBER}
The number value can range anywhere from 1-999,999,999,999. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_SELECTUNIT}
\pard\sa115 This dialog box allows you to specify which type of unit will be a part of the condition.  \'91All units\'92 selects the units that will play a part in the scenario, and you can even select specific units.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_MOVEUP}
\pard\sa115 This will move the currently selected item up in the list.\fs18 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_MOVEDOWN}
\pard\sa115 \fs16 This will move the currently selected item down in the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_FINISH}
\pard\sa115 This completes the wizard process.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_ACTIONS}
\pard\sa115 Any actions that you have defined will be listed in this area, and you will have the chance to re-order them so they occur in the proper order.  Each action will have a check mark next to them allowing you to toggle the status on and off.  You may also select an individual action and copy, delete, or modify the action.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_ACTIONLIST}
\pard\sa115 The actions that are listed in this menu allow you specify what you want to occur once the condition(s) have been met.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DEFINITION_ACTIONTEXT}
\pard\sa115 This specifies what the action will perform.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DQP.W7}
\pard\sa115 Conditions are a collection of statements that are tested against what a player in the scenario is doing.  When a condition is met, an action is performed.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} I6KF_3}
\pard\sa115 Actions are a collection of statements that perform some type of function.  These functions are a direct result of a player meeting certain conditions.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 118BDI0}
\pard\sa115 Leader Boards give all of the players in the scenario a chance to see where they rank.  Leader Boards are updated in real-time and keep track of statistics such as number of units a player controls, number of resources, and other things. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 16EKTBA}
\pard\sa115 These small folders are much like the folders that are in the Windows 95 explorer.  Any time that you see a folder in the Tool Tree listing, you will know that something resides underneath that folder.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 61GQ_ON}
\pard\sa115 1 game second at normal speed, is the equivalent of one real second.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IVZPQZ}
\pard\sa115 The players score is a value that is calculated from kills, razings, or another user-specified score-type.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Changing the Terrain}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 684EDU}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Changing the Terrain}
\b\fs28 Changing the Terrain
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 In the \b Layer\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Terrain\plain\fs18  to make sure you are in the Terrain layer.  
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18  Setting your brush to a terrain type using the Tool Tree or Brush Palette automatically puts you in the Terrain layer.
\par In the main window, you can click to place individual terrain tiles on the map or click and drag to fill in large areas with the currently selected terrain type. If you hold the cursor over a particular location, you can click multiple times to cycle through any artwork variations for that terrain type.
\par \pard\sa115 Terrain is either passable or impassable:
\par \b Passable:\plain\fs18  You can place units on this terrain, and units can cross this terrain in the game. This includes terrain such as dirt, grass and concrete.
\par \b Impassable:\plain\fs18  You cannot place units on this terrain, and units cannot cross this terrain in the game. This includes terrain such as cliffs, walls and water.
\par Terrain is also buildable or unbuildable:
\par \b Buildable\plain\fs18 : You can place buildings on this terrain, and players can build on this terrain in the game.
\par \pard\sa115 \b Unbuildable:\plain\fs18  You cannot place buildings on this terrain, and players cannot build on this terrain in the game.
\par \b Note:  \plain\fs18 Doodads and Units can be affected by changes to the terran underneath them. For example, if you change the terrain beneath a building to an unbuildable terrain type, the building will be removed.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Placing Units}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11DM0F_}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Placing Units}
\b\fs28 Placing Units
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 In Starcraft, each unit is assigned to a particular player by color. For example, all units with blue team colors belong to the blue player. 
\par When you place units in the main window, they belong to the current player.  There are three ways to change the current player:
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Go to the \b Player\plain\fs18  menu and select a Player to make it the current player.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Select a brush from one of the player folders of the \uldb \cf1 Tool Tree\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 5VH7AR}\plain\fs18 . That player is now the current player.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Press a number key corresponding to a player number. That player is now the current player, and the \uldb \cf1 Brush Palette\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3OITD5H}\plain\fs18  changes to display units for that particular player.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Note:\plain\fs18  The current player is only relevant for placing units; it does not affect terrain.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 To select a unit brush, you can use either the Tool Tree or the Brush Palette. When using the Tool Tree, select a unit brush from the folder of the appropriate player. When using the Brush Palette, select a unit category in the pull-down at the top of the Brush Palette and then click on a unit brush button. The Brush Palette will only allow you to place units for the current player.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Note:\plain\fs18   Each player defaults to a particular race.  For example, Player 1 (the red player) defaults to Terran. You cannot place units of a different race for a player.  For information on changing a player\'92s race, see the \uldb \cf1 Player Settings: Properties\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v HOUJVX}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 Once you select a unit brush, you can click or click and drag in the main window to place units for the current player. You can only place units on terrain marked as \ul \ul\cf2 passable\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 1MEMQ8P}\plain\fs18 .  A green outline appears around the unit brush if you can place a unit; a red outline appears if you cannot.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Note:\plain\fs18  You can change the player assignment for units after you have placed them. For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Unit Ownership\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1PA6SWZ}\plain\fs18 .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Selecting Units}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_FGJIR}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Selecting Units}
\b\fs28 Selecting Units
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 You can select any units visible in the main window. You must be in the unit layer and have an empty selection cursor:
\par \pard \b\fs20\cf3 To select the unit layer
\par \plain\fs18 In the \b Layer\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Unit\plain\fs18 .
\par 
\par \b\fs20\cf3 To clear a brush
\par \plain\fs18 Right-click or press the \b [ESC]\plain\fs18  key. This leaves an empty selection cursor.
\par 
\par \b\fs20\cf3 To select a unit
\par \plain\fs18 Click on the unit you want to select.
\par 
\par \b\fs20\cf3 To select multiple units
\par \plain\fs18 Click and drag a selection rectangle around the units you want to select.
\par 
\par \b\fs20\cf3 To add to a selection
\par \plain\fs18 Hold \b [SHIFT] \plain\fs18 and click on or drag a selection rectangle around the units you want to select.
\par \pard 
\par \b\fs20\cf3 To remove from a selection
\par \plain\fs18 Hold \b [SHIFT]\plain\fs18  and click on or drag a selection rectangle around the units you want to deselect.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unit Properties}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 39EN90}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Unit Properties}
\b\fs28 Unit Properties
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Every unit on the map can be customized using the Unit Properties dialog. You can alter ownership, hit points, resources and other settings relevant to a given unit. Each unit may have different settings assigned to it.
\par There are three ways to access a selected unit\'92s properties:
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Double-click on a single unit or hold down \b [SHIFT]\plain\fs18  while double clicking on a group selection.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Right-click in the main window to bring up the pop-up menu and select \b Properties\plain\fs18 .
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Go to the \b Edit\plain\fs18  menu and select \b Properties\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 The Unit Properties dialog contains several options: 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Owner:\plain\fs18  If the unit may be assigned to a player, you can use this field to select the owner from this pull-down control. See\cf1  \uldb Unit Ownership\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1PA6SWZ}\plain\fs18  for more information.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Hit Point %:\plain\fs18  If the unit has hit points, you can reduce its starting hit points by specifying a percentage of the maximum for the unit. For example, if you set the \b Hit Point % \plain\fs18 for a Marine to 75%, the Marine would begin the game with 30 of 40 hit points. 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Shield Point %:\plain\fs18  If the unit has shields, you can reduce its starting shield points by specifying a percentage of the maximum for the unit. 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Energy %:\plain\fs18  If the unit has an energy bar, you can reduce its starting energy by specifying a percentage of the maximum for the unit. 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Resources:\plain\fs18  If the unit is a Mineral Field, Vespene Geyser or refinery, you can use this field to set the total resources it contains. 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b In Hanger:\plain\fs18  If the unit holds Interceptors or Scarabs, you can use this field to set how many it starts with.  (Values higher than 4 for Interceptors will be ignored unless the Carrier Capacity upgrade has been developed.   Values higher than 5 for Scarabs will be ignored unless the Reaver Capacity upgrade has been developed.  For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Player Settings: Upgrades\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 0GCPEM}\plain\fs18 .)
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Burrowed:\plain\fs18  If the unit can burrow, you can use this checkbox to set whether or not it starts the game burrowed.  (Only Zerg ground units can burrow, and they can only do so once Burrowing has been developed.  If you want to start a unit burrowed, you must set the Burrowing special ability to researched.  For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Player Settings: Special Abilities\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v HB713A}\plain\fs18 .)
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b In Transit:\plain\fs18  If the unit is a Terran building that can fly, you can use this checkbox to set whether it starts in the air or on the ground.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Cloaked:\plain\fs18  If the unit can cloak, you can use this checkbox to set whether or not it starts the game cloaked. (Only the Terran Wraith and Terran Ghost can cloak, and they can only do so once cloaking has been developed.  If you want to start a unit cloaked, you must set the appropriate cloaking special ability to research.  For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Player Settings: Special Abilities\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v HB713A}\plain\fs18 .)
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Invincible:\plain\fs18  You can use this checkbox to make the unit invincible.  In addition to being immune to damage, units set to Invincible cannot be the target of attacks or spells and are ignored by computer controlled units.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Hallucinated:\plain\fs18  You can use this checkbox to make a unit a Hallucination.  Hallucinations set in this way are identical to those created using the High Templar hallucination spell:  They have a limited life-span and take double-damage from attacks.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Note:  \plain\fs18 Properties that do not apply to any of the selected units appear grayed out and cannot be modified.  Properties that apply to at least one of the selected units can be modified.  Units will ignore any property settings that cannot apply to them. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unit Ownership}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1PA6SWZ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Unit Ownership}
\b\fs28 Unit Ownership
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 In Starcraft, each unit is assigned to a particular player by color. For example, all units with blue team colors belong to the blue player. 
\par When placing units in the Campaign Editor, you can use either the \uldb \cf1 Tool Tree\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 5VH7AR}\plain\fs18  or the \uldb \cf1 Brush Palette\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3OITD5H}\plain\fs18 : 
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 If you are using the Tool Tree, you can place units for a different player by selecting a brush under that player\'92s folder.  
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 If you are using the Brush Palette, you must first change the selected player.  You can do this by selecting a player in the \b Player\plain\fs18  menu or by pressing the corresponding number key.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 For more information on placing units, see \uldb \cf1 Placing Units\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11DM0F_}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 To change a unit\'92s owner, select the unit or units you want to reassign and press a number key corresponding to a player. The units will change ownership to that player. Alternatively, you can use the \b Player\plain\fs18  menu instead of a number key. You can also change unit ownership in the \uldb \cf1 Unit Properties\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 39EN90}\plain\fs18  dialog.
\par \pard\tx355 \b\fs20 Note:
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf1 Start Locations\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1_IBYPQ}\plain\fs18  cannot change ownership.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 You cannot assign a unit of one race to a player of a different race.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 You cannot assign a unit to a player if it would cause that player to use more than \ul 200\plain\fs18  \ul \ul\cf2 Unit Slots\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v BM9BAL}\plain\fs18 . 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Deleting Items}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15FKAF5}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Deleting Items}
\b\fs28 Deleting Items
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 There are several ways to delete your current selection:
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 In the \b Edit\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Clear\plain\fs18 .
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Press \b [DELETE].\plain\fs18 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Right-click in the main window and select \b Clear\plain\fs18  in the pop-up menu.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 Selected units, doodads and locations can all be deleted in this way.  Keep in mind that you must be in the appropriate \uldb \cf1 Layer\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 8MQABA}\plain\fs18  to select an item. For more information on Selecting Units, see \uldb \cf1 Selecting Units\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1_FGJIR}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 Terrain and the Fog of War can neither be selected nor deleted. You must paint over them in order to remove them.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Start Locations}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_IBYPQ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Start Locations}
\b\fs28 Start Locations
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Each player in the map requires a Start Location. For human players, Start Locations determine where the player\'92s screen will be centered when the mission starts. In game types other than \'93Use Map Settings\'94, the Start Location determines where the player\'92s initial units are located. 
\par Start Locations can be found under each player\'92s folder in the \uldb \cf1 Tool Tree\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 5VH7AR}\plain\fs18  or under the Start Location category of the player\'92s \uldb \cf1 Brush Palette\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3OITD5H}\plain\fs18 . Once you have the Start Location as a brush, you may place it with the following restrictions:
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Start Locations must be placed on buildable terrain.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 If there are resources nearby, the Start Location must be placed at least three tiles away from them.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 There can be only one Start Location for each player.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Start locations may not overlap each other.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Start locations cannot change owner.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 A quick way to center the main window on the current player\'92s Start Location is to go to the \b Player\plain\fs18  menu and select \b Go to Start Location\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Note:\plain\fs18  Technically, Start Locations are treated as units. For more information relevant to placing Start Locations, see the \uldb \cf1 Placing Units\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11DM0F_}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Resources}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17J4RS5}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Resources}
\b\fs28 Resources
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 There are two types of resources in Starcraft: Mineral Fields and Vespene Geysers. Players extract these resources during the game to pay for buildings, units and upgrades. Players can also start with a set amount of minerals and Vespene gas at the beginning of the game (see \uldb \cf1 Starting Resources\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 26DO04L}\plain\fs18 ).
\par Resources are treated and placed as units. Resource brushes can be found under the \i Neutral Units\plain\fs18  folder of \b the Tool Tree\plain\fs18  or under the \i Resources\plain\fs18  category of the \b Brush Palette\plain\fs18 .  
\par \pard\sa115 \b Note:\plain\fs18  The three Minerals Fields are identical except for appearance.
\par You may place resources on the map as you would other units. For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Placing Units\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11DM0F_}\plain\fs18 .
\par Mineral Fields have a default value of 1500 resources while Vespene Geysers have a default value of 5000 resources. You can change the value for any individual resource through its \uldb \cf1 Unit Properties\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 39EN90}\plain\fs18 . 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Placing Doodads}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PGEEH2}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Placing Doodads}
\b\fs28 Placing Doodads
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Trees, craters, ramps and other unique terrain features are Doodads. While working in the Doodad layer, you can place, select and delete doodads. 
\par In the \b Layer\plain\fs18  menu, selecting \b Doodad\plain\fs18  brings up a Doodad palette. The Doodad Palette contains all of the doodads that are available for the map\'92s tileset. Each Doodad is associated with a particular type of terrain and can only be placed on that terrain type. For instance, in the Badlands tileset, ramps can only be placed on Cliffs. The Doodad palette organizes the Doodads according to their terrain types. 
\par \pard\sa115 The pull-down at the top of the Doodad Palette lets you select a terrain type and display its associated Doodads. Using the slider bar on the right, you can scroll through the different doodads for the current terrain type. Click on the image of the doodad to select it as your brush.
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18  Some terrain types listed in the Doodad Palette, such as walls and cliffs, are not found in the Brush Palette. These are transition terrain types created automatically by the editor when you lay out terrain.
\par \pard\sa115 Doodads have restrictions on where they can be placed on the map. Your cursor will indicate if you can place a Doodad at the current location by highlighting itself in green or red. A solid green highlight means you can place the Doodad in the current location. A red, or partially red, highlight indicates that the terrain in the red location is inappropriate for the Doodad. 
\par You will need to experiment when placing doodads. Some doodads, such as stairs and bridges, have very specific requirements. If you have trouble placing a doodad, change the terrain underneath it or find another location.
\par \pard\sa115 To clear a Doodad brush and return to the normal selection cursor, press \b [ESC] \plain\fs18 or right-click.
\par To delete a Doodad from the map, select it, then press \b [DELETE]\plain\fs18 .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Doors and Turrets}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 36.V7J}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Doors and Turrets}
\b\fs28 Doors and Turrets
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The Doors and Turrets of the Installation tileset can be enabled or disabled.  An enabled door is closed and blocks movement and line of sight, while a disabled door is open and allows free movement.  An enabled Turret will pop up and attack enemy units within its range, while a disabled Turret will remain concealed.
\par While in the Doodad layer, you can toggle the starting state of a Door or Turret by double clicking on it in the main window.  For more information on layers, see the \uldb \cf1 Layers\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 8MQABA}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sa115 You may also use the \'93Set Doodad State\'94 trigger action to change the state of a Door or Turret during the game.  You will need to draw a location over the Doodad that you want to affect.  For more information, see the \uldb \cf1 Triggers\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18  and \uldb \cf1 Creating Locations\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v UIOMO9}\plain\fs18  sections.
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18  Turret Doodads can also be assigned to a player. To assign a turret to a player, select the turret and press the number key corresponding to a player.  The turret will provide sight for the player and, if enabled, will attack the player\'92s enemies.
\par \pard\sa115 \cf3 For more information on placing Doodads, see \uldb \cf1 Placing Doodads\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PGEEH2}\plain\fs18 .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Creating Locations}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} UIOMO9}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Creating Locations}
\b\fs28 Creating Locations
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Locations are used to mark and identify specific areas of the map.  Players never see locations, since they are used internally by the \uldb \cf1 Trigger\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18  system.
\par In the \b Layer \plain\fs18 menu, select \b Location\plain\fs18 . You can then click and drag to create a new location. You can click in an open area to create another location or click on an existing location to select it.  Click and drag on a location to re-position it, or click and drag on any of the corner or side hotspots at the edges to resize it.
\par \pard\sa115 The first location you create will be called \'93Location 0\'94.   The second will be called \'93Location 1\'94 and so on.  You can rename a location in the Location Properties dialog.  There are several ways to open this dialog:
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Double-click on a location.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Select a location and press \b [ENTER].\plain\fs18 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Select a location and then in the \b Edit\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Properties\plain\fs18 .
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Select a location, right-click in the main window, and select \uldb \cf1 Properties\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 39EN90}\plain\fs18  from the pop-up menu.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\tx355 \b\fs20\cf3 Location Properties
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \plain\fs18 In the Location Properties dialog, you will see a text field with the location name and six checkboxes. 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 You can name a location by typing its name in the text field. When you use a Trigger with a location, you will refer to the location by this name.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Note:  \plain\fs18 Giving multiple locations the same name is not recommended since that makes it difficult to identify the locations.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 The checkboxes allow you to restrict a location to certain elevations on the map. There are six checkboxes:
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Low\plain\fs18  \'96 If this is checked, the location will include ground units in low terrain.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Mid\plain\fs18  \'96 \f2 If this is checked, the location will include ground units in\b  \plain\fs18 mid terrain.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Hi\plain\fs18  \'96 If this is checked, the location will include ground units in high terrain.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Low Air\plain\fs18  \'96 \f2 If this is checked, the location will include \plain\fs18 air units directly above low terrain.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Mid Air\plain\fs18  \'96 If this is checked, the location will include air units directly above mid terrain.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b High Air \plain\fs18 \'96 \f2 If this is checked, the location will include \plain\fs18 air units directly above high terrain.
\par \pard\sa175\tx715 \cf3 You may restrict a location to any combination of elevations. This becomes useful when setting Triggers. As an example: If you wanted a Trigger to check for air units in a location, but not ground units, you would select all three Air elevations and disable the rest.
\par \pard\sa115\tx715 \plain\fs18 To delete a location, select it and press \b [DELETE]\plain\fs18 .  See also the \uldb \cf1 Deleting Items\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 15FKAF5}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Overview}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AIGCBH}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Overview}
\b\fs28 Overview
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The Starcraft campaign editor allows for limitless creations of campaigns.  These campaigns can range from single-player to multi-player.  Each campaign can consist of multiple maps, mission briefings, specific conditions for each map, and even special unit attributes.
\par The campaign editor offers the power of a programming language in an easy to use package that can be learned quickly.  Novice users can create diverse challenges that provide for hours of endless entertainment in the world of real-time strategy.  No longer are you limited to just specifying winning conditions, but you are also able to set specific conditions that will effect the outcome of the overall campaign, or even decide the fate of your opponent. 
\par \pard\sa115 Triggers take the place of complex programming statements, and allow anyone to create a richly detailed world in which they can enjoy the game in a new perspective.  Whether designing a single level, or a campaign that stretches 20 levels, it is now possible with the Starcraft campaign editor.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Keyboard Shortcuts}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _99G0Y}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Keyboard Shortcuts}
\b\fs28 Keyboard Shortcuts
\par \pard\sa115 \fs18 [CTRL] or [SHIFT] 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 If you desire to select multiple units that are scattered throughout the map, hold down either of these keys and select the units.  The editor will automatically keep the other units selected so that you may modify them simultaneously. 
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+N
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Creates a new map.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+O
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Opens an existing map.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+S
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Saves the current map.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+C\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Compacts the current map.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+Z
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Undo the last performed action.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+Y
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Redo the last performed action.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [Delete]
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Clear the selected object.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+A
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Select all available objects.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [Enter]
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Modify unit properties.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+G\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Toggle the Tile Grid On/Off
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+T
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Switch to the Terrain layer.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+D
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Switch to the Doodad layer.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+U
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Switch to the Unit layer.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+L
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Switch to the Location layer.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+F
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Switch to the Fog of War layer.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+G\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Go to the Start Location
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[Enter]\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Modify the Player Settings
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[SHIFT]+F
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Open the Forces dialog box.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[SHIFT]+S\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Open the Sound Manager
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[SHIFT]+T
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Open the Triggers dialog box.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[SHIFT]+B\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Open the Mission Briefing dialog box.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[SHIFT]+H\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Open the Global Unit and Hero Settings dialog box.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[SHIFT]+U\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Open the Global Upgrade Settings dialog box.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[SHIFT]+A\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Open the Global Special Abilities dialog box.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+[SHIFT]+[Enter]\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Open the Scenario Properties dialog box.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+B
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Open a new Brush Palette tool menu.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+P
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Open a new Doodad Palette tool menu.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+W
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Create a New Map window.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [PgUp]
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Moves the main map window up one screen for each press of the key.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [PgDown]
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Moves the main map window down one screen for each press of the key.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+F4
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Close the current window.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [CTRL]+F6
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Switch to the next available window.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [ALT]+F4
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Exit the Starcraft Campaign Editor.
\par \pard\sa115 \b [F1]\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Open the Help Menu
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Contact Information}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 616AIT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Contact Information}
\b\fs28 Contact Information
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The Blizzard Entertainment technical support department will attempt to help you resolve any issues that you may experience with the Campaign Editor.  Please note that \b triggers that do not function with the same results as you expected will not\plain\b\fs18  be supported.\plain\fs18   Triggers are an extremely powerful addition to the Campaign Editor and should only be used by experienced computer users.  Not all triggers will function in the same fashion and due to the different variations on a single Trigger, \b we can only offer support on triggers if a crash or hard-lock occurs.\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \b Technical Support 
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 (949) 955-1382
\par (949) 955-0157 \i fax\plain\fs18 
\par \i\fs16 Monday-Friday, 9am-6pm Pacific Time
\par Automated technical support is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
\par \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 support@blizzard.com\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *!EF(`mailto:support@blizzard.com',`',1)}\plain\fs18\cf2 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \uldb http://www.blizzard.com\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *!EF(`http://www.blizzard.com',`',1)}\plain\fs18\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs18 Direct Sales
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 (800) 953-SNOW
\par (949) 955-0283
\par \uldb \cf2 sales@blizzard.com\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *!EF(`mailto:sales@blizzard.com',`',1)}\plain\fs18\cf2 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\i\fs16 Monday-Friday, 9am-6pm Pacific Time\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} End User License Agreement}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1YQ.Q__}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\qc {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} End User License Agreement}

\par \pard\qc\sa115\tx355\tx715\tqc\tx4315\tqr\tx8635 \b YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT BEFORE INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE PROGRAM. BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PROMPTLY RETURN THE UNUSED SOFTWARE PROGRAM TO THE PLACE FROM WHICH YOU OBTAINED IT FOR A FULL REFUND.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \plain\fs18 This software program (the "\ul Program\plain\fs18 "), any printed materials, any on-line or electronic documentation, and any and all copies and derivative works of such software program and materials are the copyrighted work of Blizzard Entertainment, a division of Davidson & Associates, Inc., or its suppliers. All use of the Program is governed by the terms of the End User License Agreement which is provided below ("\ul License Agreement\plain\fs18 "). The Program is solely for use by end users according to the terms of the License Agreement. Any use, reproduction or redistribution of the Program not in accordance with the terms of the License Agreement is expressly prohibited.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \b\ul END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
\par \plain\fs18 \tab 1. \ul Limited Use License\plain\fs18 . Blizzard Entertainment ("\ul Blizzard\plain\fs18 ") hereby grants, and by installing the Program you thereby accept, a limited, non-exclusive license and right to install and use one (1) copy of the Program for your use on either a home or portable computer. In addition, the Program has a multi-player capability that allows up to eight players per registered version of the Program to play concurrently. These additional copies of the Program are known as and referred to hereafter as "\ul Spawned Versions\plain\fs18 ." You may install Spawned Versions of the Program on an unlimited number of computers. However, Spawned Versions of the Program must be played in conjunction with the registered version of the Program from which they were spawned. All of the terms and conditions of the License Agreement shall also apply to the Spawned Version of the Program, with the exception that the Spawned Version Program may be installed on as many computers as you wish. The Program also contains a Level Editor (the "\ul Editor\plain\fs18 ") that allows you to create custom levels or other materials for your personal use in connection with the Program ("\ul New Materials\plain\fs18 "). All use of the Editor or any New Materials is subject to this License Agreement. The Program is licensed, not sold. Your license confers no title or ownership in the Program.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \tab 2. \ul Ownership\plain\fs18 . All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Program and any and all copies thereof (including but not limited to any titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialog, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, any related documentation, and "applets" incorporated into the Program) are owned by Blizzard Entertainment or its licensors. The Program is protected by the copyright laws of the United States, international copyright treaties and conventions and other laws. All rights are reserved. The Program contains certain licensed materials and Blizzard's licensors may protect their rights in the event of any violation of this Agreement.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \tab 3. \ul Responsibilities of End User\plain\fs18 .
\par \tab \tab A. Subject to the Grant of License hereinabove, you may not, in whole or in part, copy, photocopy, reproduce, translate, reverse engineer, derive source code, modify, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works based on the Program, or remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Program without the prior consent, in writing, of Blizzard.
\par \tab \tab B. The Program is licensed to you as a single product. Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer. 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \tab \tab C. You are entitled to use the Program for your own use, but you are not be entitled to:
\par \pard\sa115\li1435\fi-355\tx355\tx715 (i)\tab sell, grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of the Program to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease or license the Program to others without the prior written consent of Blizzard.
\par (ii)\tab exploit the Program or any of its parts for any commercial purpose including, but not limited to, use at a cyber caf\'e9, computer gaming center or any other location-based site. Blizzard may offer a separate Site License Agreement to permit you to make the Program available for commercial use; contact Blizzard for details;
\par \pard\sa115\li1435\fi-355\tx355\tx715 (iii)\tab use or allow third parties to use the Editor and the New Materials created thereby for commercial purposes including, but not limited to, distribution of New Materials on a stand alone basis or packaged with other software or hardware through any and all distribution channels, including, but not limited to, retail sales and on-line electronic distribution without the express written consent of Blizzard; and
\par (iv)\tab host or provide matchmaking services for the Program or emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by Blizzard in the network feature of the Program, through protocol emulation, tunneling, modifying or adding components to the Program, use of a utility program or any other techniques now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose including, but not limited to network play over the Internet, network play utilizing commercial or non-commercial gaming networks or as part of content aggregation networks without the prior written consent of Blizzard.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \tab 4. \ul Program Transfer\plain\fs18 . You may permanently transfer all of your rights under this License Agreement, provided the recipient agrees to the terms of this License Agreement and you agree to remove the Program and any New Materials from your home or portable computer.
\par \tab 5. \ul Termination\plain\fs18 . This License Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate the License Agreement at any time by destroying the Program and any New Materials. Blizzard may, at its discretion, terminate this License Agreement in the event that you fail to comply with the terms and conditions contained herein. In such event, you must immediately destroy the Program and any New Materials.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \tab 6. \ul Export Controls\plain\fs18 . The Program may not be re-exported, downloaded or otherwise exported into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. By installing the Program, you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are representing and warranting that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \tab 7. \ul Limited Warranty\plain\fs18 . Blizzard expressly disclaims any warranty for the Program, Editor and Manual(s). The Program, Editor and Manual(s) are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the Program and Manual(s) remains with the User, however Blizzard warrants up to and including 90 days from the date of your purchase of the Program that the media containing the Program shall be free from defects in material and workmanship. In the event that the media proves to be defective during that time period, and upon presentation to Blizzard of proof of purchase of the defective Program, Blizzard will at its option 1) correct any defect, 2) provide you with a product of equal or lesser value, or 3) refund your money. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or liability for incidental damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \tab 8. \ul Limitation of Liability\plain\fs18 . NEITHER BLIZZARD, DAVIDSON & ASSOCIATES, INC., ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PROGRAM OR EDITOR INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES. 
\par \tab 9. \ul Equitable Remedies\plain\fs18 . You hereby agree that Blizzard would be irreparably damaged if the terms of this License Agreement were not specifically enforced, and therefore you agree that Blizzard shall be entitled, without bond, other security, or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect to breaches of this License Agreement, in addition to such other remedies as Blizzard may otherwise have available to it under applicable laws.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 \tab 10. \ul Miscellaneous\plain\fs18 . This License Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed in the State of California and any dispute arising hereunder shall be resolved in accordance with the law of California. You agree that any claim asserted in any legal proceeding by one of the parities against the other shall be commenced and maintained in any state or federal court located in the State of California, County of Los Angeles, having subject matter jurisdiction with respect to the dispute between the parties. This License Agreement may be amended, altered or modified only by an instrument in writing, specifying such amendment, alteration or modification, executed by both parties. In the event that any provision of this License Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining portions of this License Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This License Agreement constitutes and contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355\tx715 I hereby acknowledge that I have read and understand the foregoing License Agreement and agree that the action of installing the Program is an acknowledgment of my agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the License Agreement contained herein. I also acknowledge and agree that this License Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between Blizzard and I and that the License Agreement supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement, either oral or written, and any other communications between Blizzard and myself.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Creating a New Map}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1TN56W4}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Creating a New Map}
\b\fs28 Creating a New Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 In the \b File\plain\fs18  menu, select \b New\plain\fs18 . You will see the \b New Scenario\plain\fs18  dialog.
\par Use the pull-downs to select the dimensions for your map. The default setting is for square maps. Uncheck the \b Square Map\plain\fs18  checkbox to set the height and width to independent values.
\par The next step is to select a \b Tileset\plain\fs18 . The tileset determines which terrain types are available on the map. For example, the \i Ash World\plain\fs18  tileset includes rocky ground, craters, and lava floes, while the \i Jungle World\plain\fs18  contains grass, trees and ancient ruins.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 Finally, you have the option of selecting a \b Default Terrain\plain\fs18 . When the map appears, it will be filled with the selected terrain type.
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18 \tab The map dimensions and tileset cannot be changed without creating a new map.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Saving a Map}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1W9OTO3}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Saving a Map}
\b\fs28 Saving a Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 In the \b File\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Save\plain\fs18 . The editor defaults to saving in the Starcraft maps folder. 
\par Although you can select a different folder, you should be aware that Starcraft will only play maps located under the Starcraft maps folder.
\par Before you can save a map, it must meet the following requirements:
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Each map must have at least two active players. \ul \ul\cf2 Neutral\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v UY3IVQ}\plain\fs18  and \ul \ul\cf2 Rescuable\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 23RTFXO}\plain\fs18  players are not considered active.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Each player must have a \uldb \cf1 Start Location\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1_IBYPQ}\plain\fs18 .
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 At least one player must be under \i Human\plain\fs18  control.
\par \f1\i \'b7\tab \plain\i\fs18 Active Computer\plain\fs18  controlled players cannot be on the same \uldb \cf1 Force\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v ZGUOTO}\plain\fs18  as \i Human\plain\fs18  controlled players. 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Each player must not exceed two hundred \ul \ul\cf2 Unit Slots\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v BM9BAL}\plain\fs18 .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Opening an Existing Map}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} YN2RVH}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Opening an Existing Map}
\b\fs28 Opening an Existing Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 In the \b File\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Open\plain\fs18 . Select the map you wish to open. After a moment, it will appear in the main window.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Navigating the Map}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IVU2DI}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Navigating the Map}
\b\fs28 Navigating the Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The main window shows only a portion of the entire map. To view other areas, you can use the arrow keys on the keyboard or the scrollbars on the main window.
\par You can also click and drag in the \uldb \cf1 Mini Map\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JNQ.HG}\plain\fs18  to rapidly scroll your view. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using the Mini Map}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JNQ.HG}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Using the Mini Map}
\b\fs28 Using the Mini Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The Mini Map is located to the left of the main window and displays a view of the entire map. Units and resources on the map are color-coded:
\par \pard \b Red
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Player 1
\par \pard \b Dark Blue
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Player 2
\par \pard \b Teal
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Player 3
\par \pard \b Purple
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Player 4
\par \pard \b Orange
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Player 5
\par \pard \b Brown
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Player 6
\par \pard \b White
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Player 7
\par \pard \b Yellow
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Player 8
\par \pard \b Light Blue
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Neutral Units (Resources, Critters, Power Ups and unattached Add Ons)
\par \pard\sa115 You can click and drag in the Mini Map to rapidly scroll your view in the main window.  For other ways to scroll the view see \uldb \cf1 Navigating the Map\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v IVU2DI}\plain\fs18 .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using the Tool Tree}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5VH7AR}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Using the Tool Tree}
\b\fs28 Using the Tool Tree
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \plain\fs18 When you first run the editor, your cursor starts as a diamond-shaped terrain brush.  This cursor takes on different forms depending on the brush you select. Brushes are used in the main window to paint terrain, place units, or add Doodads to the map.  You select brushes from the \b Tool Tree\plain\fs18  located to the left of the main window.
\par The \b Tool Tree\plain\fs18  is a list of folders with a complete list of terrain and unit brushes, organized by type.
\par Terrain:\tab \tab All the terrain types available in this map\'92s tileset.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 Neutral Units:\tab These include resources, critters, and power-ups.
\par Players 1-8:\tab The units available for each player depend on the race you have selected for that player.
\par When you select a brush from the Tool Tree, your cursor changes to reflect your current selection. You can then use this brush to paint over the map in the main window.
\par You can also use the \uldb \cf1 Brush Palette\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3OITD5H}\plain\fs18  to select terrain and unit brushes. For information on selecting doodad brushes, see the \uldb \cf1 Placing Doodads\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PGEEH2}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using the Brush Palette}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3OITD5H}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Using the Brush Palette}
\b\fs28 Using the Brush Palette
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 When you first run the editor, your cursor starts as a diamond-shaped terrain brush.  This cursor takes on different forms depending on the brush you select. Brushes are used in the main window to paint terrain, place units, or add Doodads to the map.  You select brushes from the floating window called the \b Brush Palette.\plain\fs18  
\par The Brush Palette contains icons corresponding to terrain types and units.  You can select brushes by clicking on these icons. 
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18  If you hold the cursor over an icon, the brush name will appear in a Tool Tip.
\par \pard\sa115 The brushes are divided into several categories including terrain, resources and units. You can use the pull-down at the top of the Brush Palette to choose a category.
\par It is possible to have more than one Brush Palette open at a time. In the \b Window\plain\fs18  menu, select \b New Brush Palette\plain\fs18  to open a new Brush Palette.
\par \b Note:  \plain\fs18 The Brush Palette will only allow you to place units for the current player. Use the \b Player\plain\fs18  menu to select the current player. For more information on players and unit ownership, see the \uldb \cf1 Unit Ownership\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1PA6SWZ}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sa115 You can also use the \uldb \cf1 Tool Tree\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 5VH7AR}\plain\fs18  to select terrain and unit brushes. For information on selecting doodad brushes, see the \uldb \cf1 Placing Doodads\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PGEEH2}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Layers (Terrain, Doodad, Unit, Location, Fog of War)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8MQABA}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Layers (Terrain, Doodad, Unit, Location, Fog of War)}
\b\fs28 Layers (Terrain, Doodad, Unit, Location, Fog of War)
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Maps consist of several elements: terrain, doodads, units, locations and the fog of war.  Each of these elements has been separated into a distinct layer.  
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Terrain
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 While working in the Terrain layer, your cursor will be the diamond-shaped terrain brush. You can use this brush to paint terrain. When placing terrain, you can click multiple times in the same location to cycle through artwork variations. For more information on placing terrain, see the \uldb \cf1 Changing the Terrain\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 684EDU}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Doodad
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Trees, craters, ramps and other unique terrain features are Doodads. While working in the Doodad layer, you can place, select and delete doodads. Use the \b Doodad Palette\plain\fs18  to choose a doodad brush. For more information, see the \uldb \cf1 Placing Doodads\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PGEEH2}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Unit
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Buildings, units and resources are all placed in the Unit layer.  While working in the Unit layer, you can place, select, delete and modify properties for units.  For more information about placing units, see the \uldb \cf1 Placing Units\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11DM0F_}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Location
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Locations are rectangular regions used with \uldb \cf1 Triggers\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18 . This is an advanced feature that is not required to make a map. Locations are only visible when the Location layer is the current layer. For more information about creating Locations, see the \uldb \cf1 Creating Locations\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v UIOMO9}\plain\fs18  sections.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Fog of War
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 In Starcraft, the area that is no longer in the vision of any of your units or buildings is called the \'93Fog of War.\'94 While working in the Fog of War layer, you can mark areas of fog as fully or partially obscured. The Fog of War layer can be set separately for every player, or can be set for all players in a scenario. The fog is only visible when the Fog of War layer is the current layer. For more information about modifying the Fog of War, see the \uldb \cf1 Uncovering the Map\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 5ARH2RT}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sa115 Layers can be selected using the \b Layer\plain\fs18  menu or by right-clicking in the main window and using \b Layer\plain\fs18  in the pop-up menu.
\par \b Note\plain\fs18 : You may only modify and select elements while in their current layer. For instance, Doodads cannot be selected when you are in the Unit layer.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tile Grid}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} F6LNKC}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Tile Grid}
\b\fs28 Tile Grid
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 From the \b Edit\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Show Grid\plain\fs18 . When Show Grid is checked, a grid of black lines will appear over the map. 
\par You can use the grid to align doodads, buildings and resources over terrain.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Game Types: Use Map Settings vs. Melee}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 106GEFL}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Game Types: Use Map Settings vs. Melee}
\b\fs28 Game Types: Use Map Settings vs. Melee
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 When you create a game in Starcraft, you can use the \b Game Type\plain\fs18  pull-down to determine how the map will be played. The game types fall into two categories: \'93Use Map Settings\'94 and everything else. 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft624 \cellx4675\cellx8725\pard\intbl\sa355 \i\b\fs20 Use Map Settings\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sa355 Melee and all other game types\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft624 \cellx4675\cellx8725\pard\intbl\sa355 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf1 Terrain\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 684EDU}\plain\fs18  and \uldb \cf1 Doodads\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PGEEH2}\plain\fs18  are used.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sa115 Terrain and Doodads are used.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft624 \cellx4675\cellx8725\pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \cf1 Triggers\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18  and \uldb \cf1 Locations\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v UIOMO9}\plain\fs18  are used.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sa115 Triggers in the map are replaced with Triggers specific to the game type.  Locations are ignored.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft624 \cellx4675\cellx8725\pard\intbl\sa115 All \uldb \cf1 units\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11DM0F_}\plain\fs18  are used.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sa115 Power-ups, units and buildings are removed from the map.  Resources and critters are used.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft624 \cellx4675\cellx8725\pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \cf1 Forces\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v ZGUOTO}\plain\fs18  and \uldb \cf1 Player Settings\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v XSLWN8}\plain\fs18  are used. \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sa115 Forces and Player Settings are ignored.  Races are user selectable.  All players with Start Locations start with standard starting forces at the site of the start location.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft624 \cellx4675\cellx8725\pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \cf1 Global Settings\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 125TKY5}\plain\fs18  are used.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sa115 Global Settings are ignored.  Default Starcraft statistics are used.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft624 \cellx4675\cellx8725\pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \cf1 Fog of War layer\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 8MQABA}\plain\fs18  is used.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sa115 Fog of War layer is ignored.  The entire map starts fully obscured for all players.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft624 \cellx4675\cellx8725\pard\intbl\sa115 Computer controlled players defend themselves but do not build or attack unless assigned an \uldb \cf1 AI script\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 7EPJ6D}\plain\fs18 .\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sa115 Computer controlled players automatically use the Custom AI script.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sa115 
\par If you want people to play the map using the \'93Use Map Settings\'94 game type, it is recommended that you put \'93(USE MAP SETTINGS)\'94 as the first line of its description.  For more information about setting a map description, see the \uldb \cf1 Setting Scenario Properties\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v DBWLS1}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Setting Scenario Properties}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DBWLS1}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Setting Scenario Properties}
\b\fs28 Setting Scenario Properties
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 In the \b Scenario\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Properties\plain\fs18  to open the Scenario Properties dialog. The name and description you provide in this dialog are used to describe the map to players considering creating or joining a game with this map.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Name
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 You can enter a name for the map in this field. The name will appear as part of the map information display in Starcraft. By default, the scenario name is set to \'93Untitled Scenario.\'94
\par \b Note:  \plain\fs18 The scenario name is not the same as the map\'92s filename. The filename is set when the map is saved. For more information, see the \uldb \cf1 Saving a Map\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1W9OTO3}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Description
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 You can enter a brief description of your map in this field.  The description will appear as part of the map information display in Starcraft.  By default, the scenario description reads \'93Destroy all enemy buildings.\'94 
\par If you want people to play the map using the \'93Use Map Settings\'94 game type, it is recommended that you put \'93(USE MAP SETTINGS)\'94 as the first line of the description.  For more information about game types, see the \uldb \cf1 Game Type\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 106GEFL}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starting Resources}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 26DO04L}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Starting Resources}
\b\fs28 Starting Resources
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Triggers are used to set the starting resources of any player. When you first create a new map, it has three triggers by default: The first one sets the starting resources for all players to 50 Ore.  The other two deals with victory and defeat conditions.
\par In the \b Scenario\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Triggers\plain\fs18  to open the Triggers dialog.   Select the trigger that says \'93Modify Resources for the Current Player\'85\'94 Click the \b Modify\plain\fs18  button.  A dialog with three tabs \'96 Players, Conditions and Actions \'96 will appear.  Select the \b Actions\plain\fs18  tab.  With the modify resources action selected, click the \b Modify\plain\fs18  button. Click on the blue, underlined \'93\b 50\plain\fs18 \'94 and select a new value.
\par \pard\sa115 As with all triggers, the new starting resources triggers will only take affect if the map is played using the \'93Use Map Settings\'94 game type.   For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Game Types\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 106GEFL}\plain\fs18 .
\par It is possible, using more sophisticated triggers, to start different players with different resources or to change a player\'92s resources in the middle of the game. For further information on triggers, see the \uldb \cf1 Trigger Walkthrough\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1MY.DAZ}\plain\fs18 .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Creating a Mission Briefing}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1159F2J}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Creating a Mission Briefing}
\b\fs28 Creating a Mission Briefing
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 A Mission Briefing is shown before any game played with the \'93Use Map Settings\'94 game type. The briefing is an opportunity to explain any special rules that will be in effect during the game and to establish the tone and story for the game. If the map is a multiplayer map, each player or group of players can have a different mission.  
\par The interface for creating a Mission Briefing is based on the interface for defining Triggers.  For a more detailed discussion of this interface, see the \uldb \cf1 Trigger Overview\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sa115 In the \b Scenario\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Mission Briefings\plain\fs18  to open the Mission Briefings dialog.  Click the \b New\plain\fs18  button.  The Mission Briefing wizard will appear.
\par The first dialog in the Mission Briefing wizard allows you to select which players will receive the briefing.  Select the players or force you want to receive the briefing and click the \b Next\plain\fs18  button. 
\par The next dialog allows you to define the Mission Briefing Actions.  To add an Action, click the \b New\plain\fs18  button. The following Actions are available in Mission Briefings:
\par \pard\sa115 \b MISSION OBJECTIVES\plain\fs18  \'96 This action allows you to enter text explaining the mission objectives.  This text is displayed in the OBJECTIVES pane in the lower left of the briefing room.  It also appears in the game if the player selects \b Mission Objectives\plain\fs18  from the game menu.  This is, of course, just text.  It is up to you to make sure that the Triggers in the game are consistent with this text.
\par \b TEXT MESSAGE \plain\fs18 \'96 This action allows you to display text in the center pane in the briefing room. Text messages too long to fit in the pane will automatically scroll.  Be sure to specify a long enough duration.  If you want to have one text message display after another, use a WAIT command between them.  Otherwise, the second text message will immediately replace the first.
\par \pard\sa115 \b PLAY WAV\plain\fs18  \'96 This action allows you to play a pre-recorded sound file.  Use this action to incorporate speech, music, and sound effects into your briefings. For information on managing sound files in a map, see the \uldb \cf1 Adding Sound Effects\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 50FL_WK}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \b SHOW PORTRAIT\plain\fs18  \'96 There are four slots for portraits in the briefing room.  You can use this action to display any portrait from the game in any of the four slots.  You should SHOW PORTRAIT in a slot before using the DISPLAY SPEAKING PORTRAIT action.
\par \pard\sa115 \b DISPLAY SPEAKING PORTRAIT\plain\fs18  \'96 Use this action to highlight one of the slots and make the portrait in it use its talk animation. You can use this action with PLAY WAV to make characters in the briefing appear to talk. Remember to SHOW PORTRAIT in a slot before using the DISPLAY SPEAKING PORTRAIT action.
\par \b HIDE PORTRAIT\plain\fs18  \'96 Use this action to clear a portrait slot.
\par \b TRANSMISSION\plain\fs18  \'96  This action combines the functionality of PLAY WAV, TEXT MESSAGE, DISPLAY SPEAKING PORTRAIT and WAIT.  In most cases, using the TRANSMISSION action is preferable to using the actions separately.
\par \pard\sa115 \b WAIT\plain\fs18  \'96 This action causes a delay before other actions can take place. It is usually a good idea to have a WAIT after a TEXT MESSAGE command.  The WAIT command can also be used to put dramatic pauses between lines of dialogue.
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18  Place a WAIT Action at the end of any multiplayer mission briefing.  The WAIT will compensate for speed variances in processors and ensure that all players can see the mission briefing. 
\par Actions execute in order from top to bottom.  You can use the \b Move Up\plain\fs18  and \b Move Down\plain\fs18  buttons to re-order the Actions as necessary.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Mission Objectives}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2QWO.Q}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Mission Objectives}
\b\fs28 Mission Objectives
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Mission objectives remind players of what they are supposed to accomplish. The \b SET OBJECTIVES\plain\fs18  trigger allows you to embed these objectives into your map where players can examine them. 
\par There is no trigger to display mission objectives during the game. Should you wish to alert players to an existing or new objective, use the \b DISPLAY TEXT MESSAGE\plain\fs18  trigger.
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18  Mission objectives are merely text. You must use \uldb \cf1 Triggers\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18  with the Victory and Defeat Actions to change the victory and defeat conditions.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Forces}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ZGUOTO}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Forces}
\b\fs28 Forces
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Forces provide an easy way to organize different players in a scenario. You can also uses Forces to assign starting alliances between different players or to create Triggers that only affect one Force or another. Usually, it\'92s a good idea to separate opposing players into different Forces. When players join a scenario game with Forces, they will see their Force name listed in the pre-game chatroom and can join any Force with an open human slot.
\par By default, all players are a part of the same Force. Note that computer-controlled players and human players cannot be on the same Force (see \uldb \cf1 Saving a Map\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1W9OTO3}\plain\fs18 .) To assign a player to a different Force, open up the Forces dialog and drag the player\'92s name to the Forces box that you want them to join. You can also rename the Forces from the Forces dialog, and set several options for each Force.
\par \pard\sa115 The different options available for Forces are:
\par \pard\li715\tx1435 \b Allies\plain\fs18  \'96 All players in the Force start out allied with each other, and their units will not attack each other.
\par \b 
\par Allied Victory\plain\fs18  \'96 All players in the Force start with Allied Victory turned on. Allied Victory settings affect the \uldb \cf1 Opponents\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1JM1__N}\plain\fs18  Condition.  If you want to make a map that allows for allied victory, you should use the Opponents Condition in your Victory \uldb \cf1 Triggers\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18 .
\par \b 
\par Random Start Location\plain\fs18  \'96 All players in the Force will be assigned a random starting location.
\par \pard\li715\tx1435 \b 
\par \pard\sa115\li715\tx1435 Shared Vision\plain\fs18  \'96 All players in the Force start out with Shared Vision turned on. Each player can see everything that the other players see, including cloaked and hidden units.
\par \pard\sa115\tx1435 Note that these options (other than Random Start Location) are identical to the options in the Diplomatic Settings in the game. Players in the same Force can change their own settings once they are in the game.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Player Settings: Overview}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XSLWN8}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Player Settings,;Player Settings, Overview}
\b\fs28 Player Settings: Overview
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Player settings allow you to set properties such as the race of a given player, whether computer or human controls it, and what technologies or special abilities are available to it.  Using the player settings for units, upgrades and special abilities, you can control the technology tree or upgrade path for each player.
\par In the \b Player\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Settings\plain\fs18 . You will see a dialog appear with four tabs across the top: Properties, Units, Upgrades and Special Abilities.
\par \pard\sa115 \b Note:\plain\fs18   Player settings only apply to games where the game creator has selected the \'93Use Map Settings\'94 game type. For more information, see the \uldb \cf1 Game Types\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 106GEFL}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Player Settings: Properties}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HOUJVX}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Player Settings, Properties}
\b\fs28 Player Settings: Properties
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 This panel allows you to select the race and control type for each player. The players list-box shows the team color, race and control type for each player.  By highlighting a player in the list-box, you can change the settings for the highlighted player.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Race
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The radio buttons determine the race of the highlighted player. You can set any players to \b Terran\plain\fs18 , \b Zerg\plain\fs18  or \b Protoss\plain\fs18 . The fourth option, \b User Selectable\plain\fs18 , is only available for human controlled players. The \b User Selectable\plain\fs18  setting lets players pick their own race before starting the map. 
\par \b Note: \plain\fs18  In the Campaign Editor, a player of one race cannot control units of a different race.  If you change a player\'92s race, units will be removed from the map as necessary. Players with User Selectable race always start the game with four workers and a colony center and cannot have units placed in the Campaign Editor.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Control Type
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The pull-down to the right of the radio buttons allows you to set the control type for the highlighted player. There are four control types: Human, Computer, Rescuable and Neutral.
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 By default, all players are \b Human\plain\fs18 -controlled. In a multiplayer game, users can play as any side marked as human-controlled.
\par \f1\b \'b7\tab \plain\b\fs18 Computer-\plain\fs18 controlled units are hostile to all human-controlled units and will attack on sight, but they will not build up or attack unless assigned an AI Script.  For information on assigning AI Scripts, see the \uldb \cf1 Setting Up a Computer Opponent\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v E2_FFM}\plain\fs18 .
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Until they are rescued, \b Rescuable\plain\fs18  units do not move or attack, and computer-controlled units ignore them.  Once rescued by a human player, they change to human control. If a colony center is rescued, all units belonging to that side are also rescued.
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1\b \'b7\tab \plain\b\fs18 Neutral\plain\fs18  units will not do anything to any other players unless they are attacked. Once they have been attacked, they mark the attacking player as an enemy and will defend themselves.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 Human and Computer players cannot be on the same force.  For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Forces\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v ZGUOTO}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 Before you can save, at least two players on a map must be active players. (Only Human and Computer players are considered active players.) For more information on map requirements, see \uldb \cf1 Saving a Map\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1W9OTO3}\plain\fs18 .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Player Settings: Units}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 49YO0K}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Player Settings, Units}
\b\fs28 Player Settings: Units
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 This panel lets you specify which units are available to each player. On the left side of the panel is a tree control with all the units in the game and a list-box with all of the players.
\par To the right of the tree control is an \b Enable by Default \plain\fs18 checkbox. A unit marked as enabled will be available in games played on this map. 
\par Initially, all units are available. To disable a unit for all players, select the unit in the tree control and then uncheck the \b Enable by Default\plain\fs18  checkbox.
\par \pard\sa115 Initially, all players are set to use the default settings for the availability of units, but you can modify unit availability for each player separately. To change the availability of a unit for one player, select the player in the list-box and select the unit in the tree-control.  Then, uncheck the \b Use Defaults for Player\plain\fs18  checkbox. You can then check or uncheck the \b Enable for Player\plain\fs18  checkbox as appropriate.
\par The list-box updates automatically to show if a player is using the defaults for the selected unit and, if not, to show whether that unit has been enable or disabled for that player.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Player Settings: Upgrades}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0GCPEM}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Player Settings, Upgrades}
\b\fs28 Player Settings: Upgrades
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 This panel lets you specify the default and maximum upgrade levels for each player. On the left side of the panel is a tree control with all the upgrades in the game and a list-box with all the players.
\par To the right of the tree control are the \b Default Level\plain\fs18  and \b Default Max\plain\fs18  fields. These let you set the initial upgrade levels and maximum upgrade levels available for each upgrade in the game. The Default Level is the upgrade level players will have at the beginning of the game. The Default Max is the highest upgrade level players will be allowed to research in the game.
\par \pard\sa115 Initially, the \b Default Level\plain\fs18  is set to zero, and the \b Default Max\plain\fs18  is set to the maximum for that upgrade.  
\par To alter the default settings for an upgrade, select the upgrade in the tree control and then enter the \b Default Level \plain\fs18 and \b Default Max\plain\fs18  for that upgrade. To disable an upgrade entirely, set both the \b Default Level\plain\fs18  and \b Default Max\plain\fs18  fields to zero. These will be the default settings for all players.
\par Initially, all players are set to use the default settings for upgrades, but you can modify upgrade settings for each player separately. To alter these settings for one player, select the player in the list-box and select the upgrade in the tree control. Uncheck the \b Use Defaults for Player\plain\fs18  checkbox and then enter values for \b Default Level\plain\fs18  and \b Default Max\plain\fs18 . 
\par \pard\sa115 The list-box updates automatically to show if a player is using the defaults for the selected upgrade and, if not, to show the custom Level and Max settings for that player.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Player Settings: Special Abilities}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HB713A}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Player Settings, Special Abilities}
\b\fs28 Player Settings: Special Abilities
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 This panel lets you specify which special abilities are available to each player. On the left side of the panel is a tree control with all the special abilities in the game and a list-box with all the players.
\par To the right of the ability tree control is a set of radio buttons labeled \b Disabled\plain\fs18 , \b Enabled\plain\fs18  and \b Researched\plain\fs18 .  Abilities set to disabled cannot be used in this map.  Abilities set to enabled can be used once they have been researched during the game.  Abilities set to researched can be used without additional research in the game.
\par \pard\sa115 Initially, all special abilities are set to enabled.
\par To alter the default settings for any special ability, select the special ability in the tree control and then select one of the three options for that ability: \b Disabled\plain\fs18 , \b Enabled\plain\fs18  or \b Researched\plain\fs18 .
\par Initially, all players are set to use the default settings for special abilities, but you can modify special ability settings for each player separately. To alter these settings for one player, select the player in the list-box and select the special ability in the tree control. Uncheck the \b Use Defaults for Player\plain\fs18  checkbox and then select a custom setting using one of the three radio buttons: \b Disabled\plain\fs18 , \b Enabled\plain\fs18  or \b Researched\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115 The list-box updates automatically to show if a player is using the defaults for the selected special ability and, if not, to show whether that ability has been enabled, disabled or researched for that player.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Global Settings: Unit and Hero Settings}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 125TKY5}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Global Settings,;Global Settings, Unit and Hero Settings}
\b\fs28 Global Settings: Unit and Hero Settings
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The Unit and Hero Settings dialog allows you to set hit points, shield values, costs and other settings for all the units in Starcraft. 
\par From the \b Scenario\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Unit and Hero Settings\plain\fs18 . 
\par This dialog contains a tree control listing of every unit in the game and provides fields for modifying their characteristics. Initially, all units are set to their defaults. To alter the settings for a unit, select it from the tree control and uncheck the \b Use Defaults\plain\fs18  checkbox. 
\par \pard\sa115 Settings:
\par \b Hit Points \plain\fs18 - The maximum hit points for this unit. 
\par \b Shields \plain\fs18 \'96 For Protoss units, this value denotes the maximum shield value for the unit. 
\par \b Armor \plain\fs18 \'96 Armor is subtracted from damage caused by another unit. For example, a unit with an armor rating of 1 would subtract 1 point of damage from every attack against it.
\par \b Time \plain\fs18 \'96 This is the time, in seconds, required to build the unit.
\par \b Minerals \plain\fs18 \'96 This is the cost of the unit in minerals.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Gas\plain\fs18  \'96 This is the cost of the unit in gas.\tab 
\par \b Ground Damage\plain\fs18  \'96 This is how much damage the unit does in one ground attack.  Some units deal more damage per attack.  The \b Max Hits\plain\fs18  qualifier shows how many times the unit actually does damage in a single attack.
\par \b Ground Bonus \plain\fs18 \'96 This is the amount by which damage increases every time you upgrade this unit\'92s ground attack. 
\par \b Air Damage\plain\fs18  \'96 This is how much damage the unit does in a single attack against air units.  Some units deal more damage per attack.  The \b Max Hits\plain\fs18  qualifier shows how many times the unit actually does damage in a single attack.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b Air Bonus\plain\fs18  - This is the amount by which damage increases every time you upgrade this unit\'92s air attack.
\par \b Custom Name \'96 \plain\fs18 This allows you to change the name of the selected unit. Uncheck the \b Use Default\plain\fs18  checkbox and type in a name of your choice.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 You may reset the settings for units at any time by pressing the \b Restore Defaults for All Units\plain\fs18  button.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Global Settings: Upgrade Settings}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4BJTZIU}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Global Settings, Upgrade Settings}
\b\fs28 Global Settings: Upgrade Settings
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Upgrades allow players to enhance the existing capabilities of their units. This dialog allows you to set the cost and time it takes to develop any upgrade in Starcraft.
\par This dialog contains a tree control listing of every upgrade in the game and provides fields for modifying their costs in time and resources. Initially, all units are set to their defaults. To alter the settings for a unit, select it from the tree control and uncheck the \b Use Defaults\plain\fs18  checkbox. 
\par Settings:
\par \pard\sa115 \b Time Cost: Base \plain\fs18  \'96 This is the amount of time, in seconds, that it takes to research the initial upgrade or ability.
\par \b Time Cost: Factor\plain\fs18  \'96 If this upgrade or ability can be improved more than once, this is the amount of additional time it will take each time you upgrade this ability.
\par \b Mineral Cost: Base\plain\fs18  \'96 This is the cost, in minerals, that it takes to research the initial upgrade or ability.
\par \b Mineral Cost: Factor \plain\fs18 \'96 If this upgrade or ability can be improved more than once, this is the additional cost, in minerals, for each upgrade of this ability.
\par \pard\sa115 \b Gas Cost: Base \plain\fs18 \'96 This is the cost, in gas, that it takes to research the initial upgrade or ability.\b 
\par Gas Factor: Factor \plain\fs18 \'96 If this upgrade or ability can be improved more than once, this is the additional cost, in gas, for each upgrade of this ability.
\par You may reset the settings for upgrades at any time by pressing the \b Restore Defaults for All Upgrades\plain\fs18  button.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Global Settings: Special Ability Settings}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MIXVOV}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Global Settings, Special Ability Settings}
\b\fs28 Global Settings: Special Ability Settings
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Players can research additional abilities to give to their units. This dialog allows you to adjust the time required in researching the ability, its cost to research, and the energy cost to the unit using the ability. 
\par This dialog contains a tree control that lists each ability in the game and provides fields for modifying their costs in time, resources and energy. Initially, all units are set to their defaults. To alter the settings for a unit, select it from the tree control and uncheck the \b Use Defaults\plain\fs18  checkbox. 
\par \pard\sa115 Settings:
\par \b Time\plain\fs18  \'96 This is the time it takes, in seconds, to research the ability.
\par \b Minerals \plain\fs18 \'96 This is the cost, in minerals, to research the ability.\b 
\par Gas \plain\fs18 \'96 This is the cost, in gas, to research the ability.
\par \b Energy \plain\fs18 \'96 This is the amount of energy used by a unit to activate the ability.
\par \b You may reset the defaults for special abilities at any time by pressing the Restore Defaults for All Abilities button.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Uncovering the Map}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5ARH2RT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Uncovering the Map}
\fs28 Uncovering the Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 There are three levels of \ul \ul\cf2 Fog of War\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 19DCPIQ}\plain\fs18  available in Starcraft:
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \b Fully Obscured\plain\fs18  - The area is completely hidden from the player. 
\par \b Partially Obscured \'96\plain\fs18  The Player can see terrain but cannot see any troops or activity in the area.
\par \b Revealed \'96\plain\fs18  The Player can observe both terrain and units in the area.
\par \pard\sa115 To set the initial Fog of War settings for each player, you can use the masking tools in \ul \ul\cf2 the Fog of War Layer\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 19DCPIQ}\plain\fs18 . These tools allow you to set areas of the Fog of War to be either fully or partially obscured. From the \b Layer\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Fog of War\plain\fs18 . Click or click and drag in the main window to mark areas as partially obscured. Painting over these areas again will change them back from partially obscure to fully obscure.  The preceding method will uncover the Fog of War layer for the current player selected.  To alter the Fog of War layer for \i all\plain\fs18  players in a scenario, hold down the [SHIFT] key while clicking in the main window. 
\par \pard\sa115 To reveal areas to players you will need to use \i map revealers\plain\fs18 .
\par Map revealers are treated as units, although players cannot see or control them in the game. Map revealers can be found in the \uldb \cf1 Tool Tree\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 5VH7AR}\plain\fs18  or \uldb \cf1 Brush Palette\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3OITD5H}\plain\fs18  and are placed in the same way as units. 
\par Placing map revealers in an area reveals that area of the map to the player at the start of the game. Since map revealers are treated as units, they belong to specific players. Only the map revealer\'92s owner benefits from the sight granted by that unit. For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Unit Ownership\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1PA6SWZ}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115 \b Note:\plain\fs18  If you want to make an area visible to all players, you must create a separate map revealer for each player.
\par Areas can also be revealed on a temporary basis. By using\cf1  \uldb triggers\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18  to add or remove revealers from the map, you can control when, where and how long areas are revealed during the course of a game.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Setting up a Computer Opponent}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E2_FFM}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Setting up a Computer Opponent}
\b\fs28 Setting up a Computer Opponent
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Starcraft has several types of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that can be assigned to computer controlled players. If a map is intended to be played using the \'93Use Map Settings\'94 game type, it is important that you run \uldb \cf1 AI scripts\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 7EPJ6D}\plain\fs18  for any computer opponents in the map. In this game type, if an AI Script has not been specified, the computer-controlled players with do \ul nothing\plain\fs18 .  In all other game types, computer controlled players will automatically use the Custom Level AI scripts.  For more information on game types, see the \uldb \cf1 Game Types\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 106GEFL}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \pard\sa115 Several elements must be coordinated to run an AI script for a computer player: player settings, locations and triggers.
\par \b\fs20\cf3 Player Settings
\par \plain\fs18 The first step is to make sure that there are computer players on the map.  In the \b Player\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Settings\plain\fs18  to open the \uldb \cf1 Player Settings\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v XSLWN8}\plain\fs18  dialog.  Use the \b Control\plain\fs18  pull-down to set one of the players to \b Computer\plain\fs18  control.  
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18  Human and computer players cannot exist on the same force. In the \b Scenario\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Forces\plain\fs18 . Drag the computer players out of any force containing human players. For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Forces\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v ZGUOTO}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115 \b\fs20\cf3 Locations
\par \plain\fs18 The next step is to mark the computer base with a location.  In the \b Layer\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Location\plain\fs18 .  Create a Location called \'93Computer Player\'94 somewhere in the middle of the computer\'92s starting town.  It is important that the Location be within a screen of a source of minerals and a source of Vespene gas.  For information on locations, see the \uldb \cf1 Creating Locations\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v UIOMO9}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \b\fs20\cf3 Triggers
\par \plain\fs18 The final step is to run an AI script for the computer player. In the \b Scenario\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Triggers\plain\fs18  to open the Triggers dialog. Create a new Trigger with owner set to the computer player, with the condition \'93Always\'94 and the action \'93Run AI Script at Location\'94.  Click on the \'93script\'94 field and select an appropriate AI script from the \uldb \cf1 List of AI Scripts\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 7EPJ6D}\plain\fs18 . Click on the \'93location\'94 field and select the location called \'93Computer Player\'94.  The computer player will build up and attack according to the script you have selected.  (For a more detailed discussion of Triggers, see the \uldb \cf1 Trigger Overview\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18 .)
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Adding Sound Effects}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 50FL_WK}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Adding Sound Effects}
\b\fs28 Adding Sound Effects
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 You can import .WAV files into a map and play them as sound effects, narration or dialogue between characters. To play the sounds in the game, you use the \b PLAY WAV\plain\fs18  or \b TRANSMISSION\plain\fs18  trigger action.  For more information on these actions, see the \uldb \cf1 Trigger Overview\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18  section.
\par In the \b Scenario\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Sounds\plain\fs18  to open the Sound File Manager.  The Sound File Manager displays a table of all of the sounds in the map.  For each .WAV, it displays the following information:
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \b Seconds\plain\fs18  - The duration of the sound in seconds.
\par \b Triggers\plain\fs18  - The number of times the sound is used in a Trigger action.
\par \b Briefings\plain\fs18  - The number of times the sound is used in a Mission Briefing action.
\par \pard\sa115 Use the \b Import\plain\fs18  button to add new .WAV files to the map.  When you import a sound, you have the option of setting a compression level.  We recommend that you use the setting for \b Highest\plain\fs18  compression because large sound files can dramatically increase the size of a map, and larger maps take longer to transfer between computers.
\par If you import a sound with the same name as one that\'92s already in the map, the old sound will be replaced.  All Trigger or Mission Briefing actions that used the old sound will automatically use the new sound.
\par \pard\sa115 \b Note:\plain\fs18  Windows 95/NT includes a Sound Recorder utility that lets you record .WAV files, and many popular sound cards come with similar utilities.  Please see your documentation on recording a .WAV file.
\par Use the \b Export\plain\fs18  button to save the selected sound as a .WAV file.
\par Use the \b Delete\plain\fs18  button to remove the selected sound from the map.  Any Trigger or Mission Briefing actions that used this sound will be disabled.
\par Use the \b Play\plain\fs18  button to listen to the selected sound.  You can then use \b Stop All\plain\fs18  to stop playing the sound.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Creating a Campaign}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 01BDPO}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Creating a Campaign}
\b\fs28 Creating a Campaign
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 For single player scenarios, multiple maps may be chained together to form a campaign. Once a player has won or lost a scenario, the next scenario will be loaded automatically.
\par Use the \b SET NEXT SCENARIO\plain\fs18  Action as part of your victory or defeat \uldb \cf1 Triggers\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v JHDTVO}\plain\fs18  to link additional maps. 
\par \b Note\plain\fs18 : This feature is intended for single player scenarios only. It does not work for multiplayer campaigns.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Triggers: Overview}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JHDTVO}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers,;Triggers, Overview}
\b\fs28 Triggers: Overview
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Triggers are the heart of the Campaign Editor and the key to creating original and inventive scenarios. Using plain English, the Trigger system allows you to set up actions that activate when particular conditions are met. You can destroy or create units, allocate resources, transmit messages to the players and even modify the actions of computer controlled players.
\par Each Trigger is composed of three parts: \ul \ul\cf2 Players\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v DEFINITION_PLAYERX}\plain\fs18 , \ul \ul\cf2 Conditions\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v DEFINITION_CONDITIONS}\plain\fs18  and \ul \ul\cf2 Actions\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v DEFINITION_ACTIONS}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115 \b Players\plain\fs18  are the players that receive a copy of the Trigger. Each player owns a separate Trigger list. If a Trigger is applied to more than one player, each player checks its conditions and executes its actions independently.
\par \b Conditions\plain\fs18  are the circumstances that must be met before the Trigger will activate. All of the Trigger\'92s Conditions must be met before any Actions are taken. For more information on Conditions, see the \uldb \cf1 Trigger Conditions\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v K8NFXU}\plain\fs18  list.
\par \pard\sa115 \b Actions\plain\fs18  are the effects that take place when the Trigger\'92s Conditions are met. Most Actions can affect any player in the game but some only affect the player executing the Trigger. For more information, see the \uldb \cf1 Trigger Actions\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 8BY06Z}\plain\fs18  list.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 \b\fs24\cf3 A Sample Trigger
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \plain\b\fs18 Player\plain\fs18 :\tab \tab Player 1
\par \b Conditions\plain\fs18 :\tab \b\ul Player 2\plain\fs18  commands \b\ul 5 or less\plain\fs18  \b\ul buildings\plain\b\fs18 
\par Actions\plain\fs18 :\tab \tab End scenario in victory for current player
\par If Player 2 ever controls five or less buildings, Player 1 will immediately win the game.  Notice that even though Player 1 is the owner of the Trigger, the Conditions are based on another player.
\par Each item in \b\ul bold underline\plain\fs18  is a \ul \ul\cf2 user value\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v DEFINITION_USERVALUE}\plain\fs18  that you can change. For instance, you can adjust the number of buildings that Player 2 needs to have or change \'93buildings\'94 to a specific unit type.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \uldb \cf1 Guidelines\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v ._V.Z4}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Creating a Trigger\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1MY.DAZ}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 List of Conditions\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v K8NFXU}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 List of Actions\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 8BY06Z}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 List of User Values\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v R2E3SP}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Triggers: Actions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8BY06Z}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers, Actions}
\b\fs28 Triggers: Actions
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Below is a list of Actions that are available in the Campaign Editor. Each item that is underlined and blue can be changed to a \uldb \cf1 user value\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v R2E3SP}\cf3  when the Trigger is created.\plain\fs18 
\par Click on any of the underlined terms in the following list to see a more detailed explanation.
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \i Trigger Type\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 Default Action Text\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \plain\b\uldb\fs18 CENTER VIEW\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1_DYGE9}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Center view for current player at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b COMMENT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *11O02AI}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl \plain\fs18 Comment: \uldb \cf2 comment\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *18_E3WM}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b CREATE UNITS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *38H1TCE}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl \plain\fs18 Create \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18\cf2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \plain\b\uldb\fs18 CREATE UNITS WITH PROPERTIES\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Create \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18 .  Apply \uldb \cf2 properties\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *9.MMJO}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b DEFEAT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *C5DZC}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 End scenario in defeat for current player.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b DISPLAY TEXT MESSAGE\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1.UG91G}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Display for current player: \uldb \cf2 text\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *WFP35P}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b DRAW\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *Q7SVGJ}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 End the scenario in a draw for all players.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b GIVE UNITS TO PLAYER\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1N82H9Q}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Give \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18  to \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b KILL UNIT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *4X0A_5Y}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Kill all \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b KILL UNITS AT LOCATION\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *32CVIS2}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Kill \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD (CONTROL AT LOCATION)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1Q4VAYO}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for most control of \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD (CONTROL)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *.FA5W0}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for most control of \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD (GREED)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *5.V.Q_}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Greed Leader Board for player closest to accumulation of \uldb \cf2 number\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  ore and gas.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD (KILLS)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *RIYCE1}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for most kills of \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD (POINTS)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *P_C2V9}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for most \uldb \cf2 points\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *1DQYULN}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD (RESOURCES)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *8PU5GT}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for accumulation of most \uldb \cf2 resource\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3SSD3J}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD GOAL (CONTROL AT LOCATION)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *SAVQIP}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for player closest to control of \uldb \cf2 number\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  of \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD GOAL (CONTROL)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1MWBMO5}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for player closest to control of \uldb \cf2 number\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  of \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD GOAL (KILLS)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *E43WHM}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for player closest to \uldb \cf2 number\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  kills of \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD GOAL (POINTS)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *6G8XU.}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for player closest to \uldb \cf2 number\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 points\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *1DQYULN}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD GOAL (RESOURCES)\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *14R.HN3}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show Leader Board for player closest to accumulation of \uldb \cf2 number\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 resource\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3SSD3J}\plain\fs18 . Display label: \uldb \cf2 label\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3B4KK4}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEADER BOARD COMPUTER PLAYERS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *3VQY2A}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *22MPR0D}\plain\fs18  use of computer players in leaderboard calculations.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MINIMAP PING\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *2.PV7W7}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show minimap ping for current player at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MODIFY UNIT ENERGY\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *WYRKWF}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Set energy points for \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18\cf2  \uldb units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\uldb\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 to \uldb \cf2 percent\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *12_Y.IJ}\plain\fs18 %.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MODIFY UNIT HANGAR COUNT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *41O7_H7}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Add at most \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  to hangar for \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18  owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MODIFY UNIT HIT POINTS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1HQR_YO}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Set hit points for \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18  to \uldb \cf2 percent\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *12_Y.IJ}\plain\fs18 %.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MODIFY UNIT RESOURCE AMOUNT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *H6W0.}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Set resource amount for \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  resource sources owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18  to \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MODIFY UNIT SHIELD POINTS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *FZ26M2}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Set shield points for \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18  to \uldb \cf2 percent\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *12_Y.IJ}\plain\fs18 %.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MOVE LOCATION\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *_0LV.C}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Center location labeled \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18  on \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location.\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18\cf2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \plain\b\uldb\fs18 MOVE UNITS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *9FSAP}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Move \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18  to \uldb \cf2 destination.\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *1N9TJJI}\plain\fs18\cf2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \plain\b\uldb\fs18 MUTE UNIT SPEECH\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *9SCEA4}\plain\b\uldb\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Mute all non-trigger unit sounds for current player.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b ORDER\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *HOF54X}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Issue order to all \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 : \uldb \cf2 order\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEMK0}\plain\fs18  to \uldb \cf2 destination\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *1N9TJJI}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b PAUSE GAME\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *Y3XCS6}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Pause the game.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b PAUSE TIMER\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1MODBK9}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Pause the countdown timer.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b PLAY WAV\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1OHEL_X}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Play \uldb \cf2 WAV\cf1  \cf2 file\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *E1YEH7}\plain\fs18 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b PRESERVE TRIGGER\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *TB.0.D}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Preserve Trigger.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b REMOVE UNIT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *4XKDXD5}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Remove all \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b REMOVE UNITS AT LOCATION\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *352S0ZS}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Remove \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b RUN AI SCRIPT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *2201_VF}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl \plain\fs18 Execute AI script \uldb \cf2 script\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *83JQDZ}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b RUN AI SCRIPT AT LOCATION\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *OI9QTC}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl \plain\fs18 Execute AI script \uldb \cf2 script\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *83JQDZ}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET ALLIANCE STATUS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *69A1EA}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Set \uldb \cf2 Player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  to \uldb \cf2 Ally status\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11SULEB}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET COUNTDOWN TIMER\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *4246J85}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Modify Countdown Timer: \uldb \cf2 Set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *22MPR0D}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 duration\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  seconds.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET DEATHS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *D100.X}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Modify death counts for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18 : \uldb \cf2 Set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *22MPR0D}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  for \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET DOODAD STATE\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *ES2CKH}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *22MPR0D}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 doodad state for \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET INVINCIBILITY\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *2NUK_0R}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *22MPR0D}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 invincibility for \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 owned by \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18  \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET MISSION OBJECTIVES\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *11CRT2Y}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Set Mission Objectives to: \uldb \cf2 text\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *WFP35P}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET NEXT SCENARIO\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *13I_O5Y}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Load \uldb \cf2 scenario\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3FN2_HC}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 after completion of current game.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET RESOURCES\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *V.GPLT}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Modify resources for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18 : \uldb \cf2 Set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *22MPR0D}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 resource\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3SSD3J}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET SCORE\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *KZJNPY}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Modify score for \uldb \cf2 player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18 : \uldb \cf2 Set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *22MPR0D}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 points\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *1DQYULN}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SET SWITCH\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *6060K_}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Set switch\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *8GB17N}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b TALKING PORTRAIT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *13KKEL6}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Show \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  talking to current player for \uldb \cf2 duration\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  milliseconds.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b TRANSMISSION\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *11J.SA7}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl \plain\fs18 Send transmission to current player from \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .
\par\intbl Play \uldb \cf2 WAV\cf1  \cf2 file\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *E1YEH7}\plain\fs18 .
\par\intbl Modify transmission duration: \uldb \cf2 Set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *22MPR0D}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 number\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  milliseconds.\par\pard \pard\intbl\sa115 Display the following text: \uldb \cf2 Text\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *WFP35P}\plain\fs18\cf2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \plain\b\uldb\fs18 UNMUTE UNIT SPEECH\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1220Y00}\plain\b\uldb\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Unmute all non-trigger unit sounds for current player.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b UNPAUSE GAME\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *11J.SA7}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Unpause the game.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b UNPAUSE TIMER\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *CHV3TJ}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Unpause the countdown timer.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b VICTORY\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *80_IOW}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 End scenario in victory for current player.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2815\cellx6385\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b WAIT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *3YZF87}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Wait for \uldb \cf2 duration\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  milliseconds.\cell\intbl\row
\pard \b\fs28 \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Triggers: Conditions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} K8NFXU}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers, Conditions}
Triggers: Conditions
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Below is a list of Conditions that are available in the Campaign Editor. Each item that is underlined and blue can be changed to a \uldb \cf1 user value\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v R2E3SP}\cf3  when the Trigger is created.\plain\fs18 
\par Click on any of the underlined terms in the following list to see a more detailed explanation.
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \i Trigger Type\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 Condition Text\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \plain\b\uldb\fs18 ACCUMULATE\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *9OPVN_}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  accumulates \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 resources\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3SSD3J}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b ALWAYS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *4PRQ9F}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Always.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b BRING\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1PGTBV5}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  brings \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18\cf2  \uldb units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  to \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b COMMAND\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1B0PYP}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  commands \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b COMMAND THE LEAST\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *PCK99J}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player commands the least \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b COMMAND THE LEAST AT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *2ZFAZH}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player commands the least \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b COMMAND THE MOST\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *4SQGHE}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player commands the most \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b COMMAND THE MOST AT\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *19XRO7O}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player commands the most \uldb \cf2 units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18  at \uldb \cf2 location\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b COUNTDOWN TIMER\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1.9M23Y}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Countdown timer is \uldb \cf2 duration\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *4JR5.X0}\plain\fs18  game seconds.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b DEATHS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *7I_8SF}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  has suffered \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  deaths of \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b ELAPSED TIME\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *.IFM_9}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Elapsed scenario time is\cf2  \uldb duration\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *4JR5.X0}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 game seconds.\cf2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \plain\b\uldb\fs18 HIGHEST SCORE\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *2MMQTW1}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player has highest score \uldb \cf2 points\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *1DQYULN}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b KILL\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *DQRC92}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  kills \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18\cf2  \uldb units\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEAST KILLS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *0IYRX9}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player has least kills of \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LEAST RESOURCES\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *L4.BX7}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player has least \uldb \cf2 resources\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3SSD3J}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b LOWEST SCORE\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *2TQY_6N}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player has lowest score \uldb \cf2 points\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *1DQYULN}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MOST KILLS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *KBKUI9}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player has most kills of \uldb \cf2 unit\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *11WUS4T}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b MOST RESOURCES\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *2BIS_IK}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Current player has most \uldb \cf2 resources\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3SSD3J}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b NEVER\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *2C1SO9P}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \plain\fs18 Never.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b OPPONENTS\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *1JM1__N}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18  has \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18  opponents remaining in the game.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \b SCORE\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *13O9IBN}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Player\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *5.069X}\plain\fs18\cf2  \uldb score type\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *1C9HC8M}\plain\fs18\cf2  \plain\fs18 score is \uldb \cf2 quantity\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *2N342KF}\plain\fs18\cf2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sa115 \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \uldb \plain\b\uldb\fs18 SWITCH\plain\b\ul\fs18 {\v *199Q80K}\plain\b\fs18 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr\sa115 \pard\intbl\sa115 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf2 Switch is set\plain\ul\fs18\cf2 {\v *3E0LKH}\plain\fs18 .\cell\intbl\row
\pard \b\fs28 \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Triggers: Guidelines}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ._V.Z4}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers, Guidelines}
Triggers: Guidelines
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Some general rules and guidelines for setting up Triggers are:
\par \pard\sa115\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Triggers will only be used in a scenario if the game creator chooses \'93Use Map Settings\'94 as the Game Type. Playing a Melee or other game type on a scenario map disables any map-specific Triggers and enables triggers and victory conditions based on the game type. For more information, see the \uldb \cf1 Game Types\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 106GEFL}\plain\fs18  section.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 All Triggers must have at least one Player, one Condition and one Action. The Trigger wizard will not allow you to create an incomplete Trigger.
\par \pard\sa115\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 All Conditions of a Trigger must be met before the Actions are carried out. If you want to have more than one way to activate an event, you must set up multiple Triggers.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Normally, a Trigger can only activate once per game for each owner. Once a Trigger\'92s Actions have been completed, the Trigger is disabled unless one of the Actions was \uldb \cf1 Preserve Trigger\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v TB.0.D}\plain\fs18 . If you want a Trigger to remain in effect throughout the scenario, include \uldb \cf1 Preserve Trigger\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v TB.0.D}\plain\fs18  in its Action list.
\par \pard\sa115\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Each player has a separate Trigger list. If a Trigger is applied to more than one player, each player checks its Conditions and executes its Actions independently. Because of this, a Trigger that is owned by \'93All Players\'94 will carry out its Actions multiple times if its Conditions are true for multiple players.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 If a Trigger\'92s owner is defeated or leaves the game, the Trigger is disabled.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 The final player in a scenario must explicitly receive a \uldb \cf1 Victory\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 80_IOW}\plain\fs18  Action before the scenario will end.  If one player executes the Victory Action, all the other players will defeat, but if other players have executed the \uldb \cf1 Defeat\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v C5DZC}\plain\fs18  Action, the remaining player will not automatically win.
\par \pard\sa115\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 All \uldb \cf1 Text messages\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1.UG91G}\plain\fs18 , \uldb \cf1 WAV files\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v E1YEH7}\plain\fs18  and \uldb \cf1 Transmissions\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v .U6O.Z}\plain\fs18  are \b only\plain\fs18  sent to the Trigger\'92s owners. Text messages will only appear if the owner has \b Subtitles\plain\fs18  turned on in the Starcraft Sound Options Menu or if the \b Always Display\plain\fs18  option is checked for the Action.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18 Conditions that are turned off by removing the checkmark next to them are ignored and considered \'93true.\'94 Use the \uldb \cf1 Never\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 2C1SO9P}\plain\fs18  Condition or disable all of its actions if you want to completely disable a Trigger.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 Certain Actions are marked as \'93Blocking\'94 Actions. No other Actions can take place until a Blocking Action is finished. The Blocking Actions are:
\par \pard\li1075\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 WAIT\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3YZF87}\plain\uldb\fs18 
\par \plain\f1\fs18 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 TRANSMISSION\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v .U6O.Z}\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li1075\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 CENTER VIEW\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1_DYGE9}\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\tx715 Certain Actions cannot be used while the game is in a Paused state. These Actions are:
\par \pard\li1075\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 CENTER VIEW\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1_DYGE9}\plain\fs18 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 CREATE UNIT\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 38H1TCE}\plain\fs18 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 KILL UNIT\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 4X0A_5Y}\plain\fs18 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 KILL UNIT AT LOCATION\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 32CVIS2}\plain\fs18 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 REMOVE UNIT\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 4XKDXD5}\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li1075\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 REMOVE UNIT AT LOCATION\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 352S0ZS}\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\tx715 Certain Actions will \b not\plain\fs18  function while in a multiplayer game. These Actions are:
\par \pard\li1075\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 PAUSE\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v Y3XCS6}\plain\fs18 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 UNPAUSE\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11J.SA7}\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li1075\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18  \uldb \cf1 SET NEXT SCENARIO\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 13I_O5Y}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Triggers: User Values}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} R2E3SP}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers, User Values}
\b\fs28 Triggers: User Values
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The following is a complete list of the user definable values that can be used with the \uldb \cf1 Actions\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 8BY06Z}\plain\fs18  and \uldb \cf1 Conditions\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v K8NFXU}\plain\fs18  in the scenario editor. 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11SULEB}
\b ALLY STATUS
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This option box allows you to change a value from Enemy, Ally and Allied Victory.  A description of each of these values can be found in the game\'92s documentation.
\par \b 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 18_E3WM}
COMMENT
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This is a text field that allows you to describe your trigger.
\par 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1N9TJJI}
\b DESTINATION
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Destination is the same as \uldb \cf1 Location\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v F0UKG3}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4JR5.X0}
\b DURATION
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Duration may be a \uldb \cf1 qualified number\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PI_Z4R}\plain\fs18  or \uldb \cf1 number\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3EEJ9X}\plain\fs18  value, measured in milliseconds. 1,000 ms equals 1 second.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3B4KK4}
\b LABEL\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 Label allows you to define a name for the leader board, which will be displayed next to the top player\'92s score when the leader board is displayed.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} F0UKG3}
\b LOCATION\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\li715 Locations are areas that have been defined in the \uldb \cf1 Location Layer\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v UIOMO9}\plain\fs18  of the map. The \'93Anywhere\'94 Location covers the entire map. If you create a unit at \'93Anywhere,\'94 it will appear in the center of the map. All locations except \'93Anywhere\'94 can be restricted to certain elevations.  For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Creating Locations\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v UIOMO9}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3EEJ9X}
\b NUMBER\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This value can range from 1-9,999,999.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} P7LG8}
\b NUMBER OF UNITS\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This value can range from 1-255.  Choosing the option box for \'93All Units\'94 will disable the ability to enter a number, and the trigger will affect all units.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3EEMK0}
\b ORDER\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 Order specifies whether the affected unit(s) will Move, Patrol or Attack.  The difference between these commands is listed in your game documentation.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12_Y.IJ}
\b PERCENT\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This value can range from 1-100.  The value that is chosen dictates what percentage the trigger will affect.  For example, choosing 10 for this value will specify 10 percent out of the total.  If the total were 250, 10 percent would represent 25.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5.069X}
\b PLAYER\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 Player is used to specify which player or players are subject to the action or condition. Valid player values are \ul \ul\cf2 Player 1-8\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v DEFINITION_PLAYERX}\plain\fs18 , \ul \ul\cf2 Current Player\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 1L9W5LX}\plain\fs18 , \ul \ul\cf2 Foes\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 1L9W5LX}\plain\fs18 , \ul \ul\cf2 Allies\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 11BKYBB}\plain\fs18 , \ul \ul\cf2 Neutral Players\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 27YJRCD}\plain\fs18 , \ul \ul\cf2 All Players\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v DEFINITION_ALLPLAYERS}\plain\fs18 , \ul \ul\cf2 Force 1-4\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v DEFINITION_FORCEX}\plain\fs18 , and \ul \ul\cf2 Non Allied Victory Players\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v K48SEX}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1DQYULN}
\b POINTS
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Points can be used to track combat kills, construction or a custom score set with triggers. This is normally used with the leader board action to display a constant score for each player.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li1435 \b \'91Total\'92\plain\fs18  points are the combined total of units, buildings, kills and razings. 
\par \pard\li1435\tx3145 \b \'91Units\'92\plain\fs18  points are calculated based on the number of units that were built in the scenario multiplied by the number of points associated with a unit.
\par \b \'91Buildings\'92\plain\fs18  points are calculated based on the number of buildings that were built in the scenario multiplied by the number of points associated with a unit.
\par \b \'91Units and Buildings\'92\plain\fs18  points are the combined totals from units and buildings.
\par \b \'91Kills\'92\plain\fs18  points calculate the number of unit kills and factor them into a score.
\par \pard\li1435\tx3145 \b \'91Razings\'92 \plain\fs18 points calculate the number of buildings that were destroyed and factor them into a score.
\par \b \'91Kills and Razings\'92 \plain\fs18 points are the combined totals from kills and razings.
\par \b \'91Custom\'92\plain\fs18  points are values that are user defined. Custom points can only be modified using Trigger Actions.
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9.MMJO}
\b\cf3 PROPERTIES\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\fi715\tx3145 This will bring up the \uldb \cf1 Unit Properties\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 39EN90}\cf3  dialog box.
\par \pard\tx3145 \plain\fs18 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PI_Z4R}
\b\cf3 QUALIFIED NUMBER
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \plain\fs18\cf3 This combines a \uldb \cf1 number\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3EEJ9X}\cf3  with the \'91Or More\'92, \'91Or Fewer\'92, and \'91Exactly\'92 qualifiers. 
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2N342KF}
\b QUANTITY
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \plain\fs18\cf3 Quantity might be a \uldb \cf1 qualified number\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PI_Z4R}\cf3 , \uldb \cf1 number\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3EEJ9X}\cf3 , or \uldb \cf1 number of units\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v P7LG8}\cf3  value.  To determine which is applicable, check the title of the dialog box that appears when you click on Quantity.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3SSD3J}
\plain\b\fs18 RESOURCES
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \plain\fs18\cf3 The resources value allows you to choose Minerals, Gas, or Minerals and Gas.
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3FN2_HC}
\b SCENARIO\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 This selection brings up the standard \'91File Open\'92 dialog box. Choose the map that you wish to be loaded when a player finishes this scenario. Using the \uldb \cf1 Set Next Scenario\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 13I_O5Y}\cf3  trigger allows you to create a fully featured campaign similar to the single player levels that are included with Starcraft or even a branching campaign composed of multiple scenarios.
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1C9HC8M}
\b SCORE TYPE\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 This value represents the scoring method that you wish to use in your condition or action. You can set the scoring values from the \uldb \cf1 points\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1DQYULN}\cf3  user value.
\par \pard\tx3145  
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 83JQDZ}
\plain\b\fs18 SCRIPT
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \plain\fs18 This value is the computer AI script that you wish to use. The pull-down list specifies the available AI scripts. By changing the computer AI behavior, you can, for example, instruct computer-controlled units to attack certain players.
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 22MPR0D}
\b SET\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 Set allows you to modify or set the value of another variable, such as a player\'92s score or available resources. Set can also be used to enable, disable or toggle switches and certain doodads.
\par \pard\tx3145 \cf3 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8GB17N}
\plain\b\fs18 SWITCH
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \plain\fs18 A switch is a simple on/off variable. Using switches allows you keep track of which triggers have been used or to keep a trigger from activating several times simultaneously if multiple players meet the conditions at the same time.
\par \pard\tx3145 \b 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3E0LKH}
SWITCH IS SET
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \plain\fs18 This allows you to test whether a specific switch is in the \'91Set\'92 state or the \'91Cleared\'92 state.
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WFP35P}
\b TEXT or TEXT MESSAGE\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\li715\tx3145 Similar to the \uldb \cf1 WAV File\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v E1YEH7}\plain\fs18  option, this allows the computer to notify you when the associated condition is achieved. Note that text messages will only appear if the affected player has \b Subtitles\plain\fs18  turned on in the Starcraft Sound Options Menu or if the \b Always Display\plain\fs18  option is checked for the action.
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3J.VK0}
\b TIMER 
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \plain\fs18\cf3 Timer allows you to select a number (in seconds) for the timer to be initialized at. Once the timer has been initialized, it will count down from its position in seconds and stop when it reaches zero.
\par \pard\tx3145 \plain\b\fs18 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11WUS4T}
UNIT or UNITS\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 This value sets which unit(s) will be affected by the triggers. The different unit types are:
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \b Any Unit \plain\fs18 \'96 This includes all types of units including buildings, resources, power-ups, etc.
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \b Men \plain\fs18 \'96 In general, any non-building unit that can be created over the course of the game. This also includes critters and heroes.
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \b Building \plain\fs18 \'96 Any structure.  This includes unique structures such as the Zerg Overmind.
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \b Factory \plain\fs18 \'96 Any structure that can produce units.
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 \b Specific Unit \plain\fs18 \'96 Gives you the ability to specify a single unit type.
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\li715\tx3145 If you want to affect more than one specific unit type, such as both Zerg Queens and Protoss Arbiters, you will need a condition or action for each unit type.
\par \pard\tx3145 
\par \pard\tx3145 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E1YEH7}
\b WAV FILE
\par \pard\li715\tx-5 \plain\fs18\cf3 This value is the name of the file that will be played by this action. For more information on importing .WAV files, see the \uldb \cf1 Adding Sound Effects\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 50FL_WK}\cf3  section.\b 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Triggers: Condition Details}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L7LT7M}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers, Condition Details}
\plain\b\fs28 Triggers: Condition Details
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The following section details each available condition.
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9OPVN_}
\b ACCUMULATE\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 Accumulate requires that the player gather enough of a specific resource.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4PRQ9F}
\b ALWAYS\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715 This Condition is always considered true. Keep in mind that all of a trigger\'92s conditions must be met for it to activate; so adding Always to a trigger with other conditions has no effect.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li715 Use the Always condition for actions you want to take place at the beginning of the game, for instance, setting starting resources, initializing scores, or transmitting instructions. If the Preserve Trigger action is used, the trigger will activate once every two seconds. If not, the trigger will execute only once per game.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1PGTBV5}
\plain\b\fs18 BRING\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This states that a player is required to bring \'91X\'92 number of units to a specific location. The units can be any player-controlled unit available in the game.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1B0PYP}
\plain\b\fs18 COMMAND\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 The selected player must control a certain number of the specified units. This includes rescued units but not hallucinations.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PCK99J}
\b COMMAND THE LEAST
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 Command the Least allows you to define an action based on the player that commands the least units. You might use this to give advantages to slower players or to single out weakened players. Note that this condition checks \i all\plain\fs18\cf3  players, including neutral, computer controlled, and rescuable players.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2ZFAZH}
\b COMMAND THE LEAST AT
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 Command the Least At is similar to \'91Command the Least\'92, however, but only compares units at a particular location. The location can be restricted to certain elevations.  For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Creating Locations\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v UIOMO9}\cf3 .
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4SQGHE}
\plain\b\fs18 COMMAND THE MOST\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 Command the Most requires that you command the most of the defined units. These units can be any player-controlled unit available in the game. This condition compares all players in the game, including neutral and rescuable units.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19XRO7O}
\plain\b\fs18 COMMAND THE MOST AT\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 Similar to the Command the Most, this condition compares the number of units at a specific location. The location can be restricted to certain elevations.  For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Creating Locations\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v UIOMO9}\cf3 .
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.9M23Y}
\plain\b\fs18 COUNTDOWN TIMER
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This condition checks the time remaining on the countdown timer.  Note:  Unless a trigger has set the countdown timer, it equals zero seconds.
\par \pard \cf3 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7I_8SF}
\b DEATHS
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 Gives you the ability to create actions that are launched when a player has suffered a specific number of deaths of any of the units in the game.
\par \pard \plain\b\fs18 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .IFM_9}
ELAPSED TIME
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 This condition allows you to create triggers that occur after a specified number of \ul \ul\cf2 game seconds\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 61GQ_ON}\cf3  have passed since the start of the scenario.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MMQTW1}
\plain\b\fs18 HIGHEST SCORE\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This condition is considered true if the trigger\'92s owner has the highest \ul \ul\cf2 Score\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v IVZPQZ}\cf3 . Note that if this is used as the only condition in a trigger, it will activate immediately at the start of the scenario, since all players will be tied for the highest score.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DQRC92}
\plain\b\fs18 KILL\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This condition tracks total kills by unit type.  Thus, the condition \'93Player 1 kills 1 or more any units\'94 is true for the rest of the game once Player 1 kills a unit.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0IYRX9}
\plain\b\fs18 LEAST KILLS
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This condition is considered true if the trigger\'92s owner has the least kills of the specified \uldb \cf1 Unit\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11DM0F_}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L4.BX7}
\b LEAST RESOURCES
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 Similar to Least Kills, this condition is considered true if the trigger\'92s owner has the least of the specified \uldb \cf1 resource\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 17J4RS5}\plain\fs18 . Note that Least Resources checks \i all\plain\fs18  players, including neutral, computer controlled and rescuable players.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2TQY_6N}
\b LOWEST SCORE
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This condition evaluates the current \ul \ul\cf2 Score\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v IVZPQZ}\plain\fs18  and is considered true if the current player has the lowest or is tied for the lowest score. Lowest Score checks all players, including neutral and rescuable players.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KBKUI9}
\b MOST KILLS\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This condition is considered true if the trigger\'92s owner has the most kills of the specified \uldb \cf1 Unit\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11DM0F_}\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2BIS_IK}
\b MOST RESOURCES\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 Similar to Most Kills, this condition is considered true if the trigger\'92s owner has the most of the specified \uldb \cf1 resource\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 17J4RS5}\cf3 .
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2C1SO9P}
\b NEVER\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715 The Never condition can be used to temporarily disable actions for testing. A trigger with the Never condition will not activate at any point.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1JM1__N}
\b OPPONENTS
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 This condition evaluates how many of the players are opponents of the trigger owner.  By default, all of the other players are considered opponents.  A player does not count as an opponent if either of the following conditions are met:
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard\li1075\fi-355\tx1075 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 The player has been defeated.  This condition only counts players that are still in the game.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 The player is set for allied victory with the trigger owner, AND the player is set for allied victory with all other players set for allied victory with the trigger owner.  (The enemy of an ally is still an enemy.)
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx1075 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 As a result, if opponents equals zero, all of remaining players are set for allied victory with each other. Use this condition with the \uldb \cf1 Victory\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 80_IOW}\cf3  action to create a scenario that allows for allied victory.
\par \pard\tx1075 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13O9IBN}
\b SCORE\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 This condition allows you to analyze a player\'92s current \ul \ul\cf2 Score\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v IVZPQZ}\cf3  and perform actions based on the value. You can reference any of the individual scoring types from score.
\par \pard\tx1075 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 199Q80K}
\plain\b\fs18 SWITCH\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 \cf3 This allows you to test against a switch value. Switches are on/off values that can be set with an action. Switches can be used to keep track of which triggers have been activated, to disable or enable certain triggers or to link multiple triggers together.  You may also rename switches from this dialog box.\b 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Triggers: Action Details}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _3IB32}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers, Action Details}
\plain\b\fs28 Triggers: Action Details
\par \pard\sa115\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs18 The following section explains each of the actions.
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_DYGE9}
\b CENTER VIEW\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This will cause the affected player\'92s view to center on the location specified. Note that this action will not occur during a paused game, and it has no affect on computer-controlled players. No other action in the trigger will function until the screen has recentered.\b 
\par \pard \plain\fs18\cf3 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11O02AI}
\b COMMENT\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715 If this action exists in a trigger, and is enabled, whatever text is listed in the text field will be displayed in the trigger text.  If you disable this action, the normal trigger text will be displayed.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 38H1TCE}
\plain\b\fs18 CREATE UNITS\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This action creates the specified number of units at the specified Location. If a unit is created \'91Anywhere\'92, it will appear in the center of the map. This action will not function while the game is paused. \b 
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 Keep in mind that when the conditions are successfully met, the unit(s) will be created for each player that owns the trigger. For example, if \b All Players\plain\fs18\cf3  own a trigger that creates a Terran Marine for Player 1, and the conditions of the trigger are true for four of the players, Player 1 will get 4 Marines.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 \b 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 41QZ_YK}
CREATE UNITS WITH PROPERTIES
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 This action works just like \uldb \cf1 Create Unit\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 38H1TCE}\cf3 , except that you can customize the properties of the newly created unit(s). For more information on customizing units, see the \uldb \cf1 Player Properties\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v HOUJVX}\cf3  section.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C5DZC}
\plain\b\fs18 DEFEAT\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This will end the scenario in defeat for the affected players. Any other players in the game will continue.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.UG91G}
\plain\b\fs18 DISPLAY TEXT MESSAGE\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 Displays a specific text message to each owner of the condition. Text messages will only appear if the affected player has \b Subtitles\plain\fs18  turned on in the Starcraft Sound Options Menu or if the \b Always Display\plain\fs18  option is checked for the action.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Q7SVGJ}
\b DRAW\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This will end the scenario in a draw for the affected players.  Any other players in the game will continue.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1N82H9Q}
\b GIVE UNITS TO PLAYER\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action allows you to transfer units from one player to another.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4X0A_5Y}
\b\cf3 KILL UNIT\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715 This action kills all units of a particular type for the player specified. This action has no effect while the game is paused.
\par \pard \plain\fs18 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 32CVIS2}
\b KILL UNITS AT LOCATION
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 Similar to the \'91Kill Unit\'92 action, the \'91Kill Unit at Location\'92 action gives you the ability to kill a specified number of units of a particular type belonging to a certain player at the specified Location.\b  \plain\fs18\cf3 This action will not function while the game is paused.
\par \pard \plain\fs18 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1Q4VAYO}
\b LEADER BOARD (CONTROL AT LOCATION)
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who controls the most of a particular unit type at a Location defined on the map. 
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .FA5W0}
\b LEADER BOARD (CONTROL)\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who controls the most of a particular unit in the scenario.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5.V.Q_}
\b LEADER BOARD (GREED)\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who is closest to reaching the goal of accumulating the most ore and gas.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RIYCE1}
\b LEADER BOARD (KILLS)
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who has the most kills in the scenario.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} P_C2V9}
\b LEADER BOARD (POINTS)\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who has the most points.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8PU5GT}
\b LEADER BOARD (RESOURCES)
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who has the most resources.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SAVQIP}
\b LEADER BOARD GOAL (CONTROL AT LOCATION)
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on the amount of units controlled at a certain Location that are required to achieve a goal. In this type of leader board, the lower the number the better.
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MWBMO5}
LEADER BOARD GOAL (CONTROL)
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on the amount of units controlled on the map that are required to achieve a goal. In this type of leader board, the lower the number the better.
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E43WHM}
LEADER BOARD GOAL (KILLS)
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who have the most kills required to achieve a goal. In this type of leader board, the lower the number the better.
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6G8XU.}
LEADER BOARD GOAL (POINTS)
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who have the most points required to achieve a goal. In this type of leader board, the lower the number the better.
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 14R.HN3}
LEADER BOARD GOAL (RESOURCES)
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This will display the \ul \ul\cf2 Leader Board\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 118BDI0}\plain\fs18  to all players based on who have the most resources required to achieve a goal. In this type of leader board, the lower the number the better.
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3VQY2A}
LEADER BOARD COMPUTER PLAYERS
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This action allows you to specify whether neutral, rescue and computer controlled players will be included in the leader board calculations. By default, all computer players are included in the tally.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2.PV7W7}
\b MINIMAP PING
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 This sends out a \'91ping\'92 on the mini map at the specified location. This can be used to draw attention to a particular spot or to track a moving location. Note that pressing the spacebar in the game after receiving the ping will not center your screen on the ping Location. Only transmissions allow you to jump to a different location with the spacebar.
\par \pard \plain\fs18 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WYRKWF}
\b MODIFY UNIT ENERGY\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action will modify the specified unit(s) spell-casting energy.  The energy will be changed based on the percentage specified in the action trigger.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 41O7_H7}
\b MODIFY UNIT HANGAR COUNT\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action will modify the contents of a unit(s) hangar.  For example, this will allow you to add 5 additional Interceptors to the Carrier\'92s hangar.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1HQR_YO}
\b MODIFY UNIT HIT POINTS\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action will modify the specified unit(s) hit points.  The hit points will be changed based on the percentage specified in the action trigger.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} H6W0.}
\b MODIFY UNIT RESOURCES\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action allows you to modify the amount of resources contained in the various mineral stores.  For example, you could modify a Vespene Geyser so that it had 0 resources if you desire.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FZ26M2}
\b MODIFY UNIT SHIELD POINTS\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action will modify the specified unit(s) shield points.  The shield points will be changed based on the percentage specified in the action trigger.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _0LV.C}
\b MOVE LOCATION\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action will center a Location on a unit. In addition to choosing a location to move, you must specify a search location. The Action will ignore any units outside the search location.  If no unit is found, the Location will move to the center of the search location. You can combine this Action with \uldb \cf1 Center View\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1_DYGE9}\plain\fs18  to center the screen on a particular unit.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9FSAP}
\b MOVE UNITS
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This action will teleport a specified number of units (or unit) from one Location to another. 
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9SCEA4}
\b MUTE UNIT SPEECH\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action will mute unit speech and set to half-volume all sound effects that the game normally produces, including music and combat sounds. This is particularly useful when you are playing a \uldb\cf1 Transmission\plain\fs18\cf1  Action\plain\fs18  or any time you want to make sure a triggered sound is heard clearly.
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HOF54X}
ORDER
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This action allows you to issue orders through a trigger to a unit (or units) that will change their behavior in a scenario.  The different orders are attack, move and patrol.  For a list of what these orders do, please see the program documentation.
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Y3XCS6}
PAUSE GAME\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This action will put the game in a pause state. If a matching \uldb \cf1 Unpause Game\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 11J.SA7}\cf3  is not found, the program automatically unpauses the game when the current trigger is finished. Note that pause game has no effect in multiplayer scenarios or against computer controlled players.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MODBK9}
\b PAUSE TIMER\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715 This action will put the countdown timer in a pause state.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OHEL_X}
\plain\b\fs18 PLAY WAV\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This will play a WAV file for the trigger\'92s owner. For more information on importing .WAV files, see the \uldb \cf1 Working with .WAV Files\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 50FL_WK}\cf3  section.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TB.0.D}
\plain\b\fs18 PRESERVE TRIGGER\plain\fs18  
\par \pard\li715 Normally, a trigger will only run once for each owner. Triggers automatically disable themselves once they run through all of their actions, unless the \uldb \cf1 Preserve Trigger\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v TB.0.D}\plain\fs18  action is present. If you want a trigger to remain in effect throughout the scenario, add the \uldb \cf1 Preserve Trigger\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v TB.0.D}\plain\fs18  action to its action list.
\par \pard \b\cf3 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4XKDXD5}
\plain\b\fs18 REMOVE UNIT\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 Remove Unit works just like Kill Unit, except that the affected units will simply disappear without actually dying. This action has no effect while the game is paused.\b 
\par \pard \plain\fs18 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 352S0ZS}
\b REMOVE UNITS AT LOCATION
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18\cf3 This action works just like Remove Unit.  In addition, you may specify a location and a quantity of units that the action will affect.  It has no effect on a paused game.\b 
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2201_VF}
\plain\b\fs18 RUN AI SCRIPT\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 This instructs the specified computer-controlled players to use a certain AI script. The AI script determines the overall aggressiveness and effectiveness of the computer player, and by changing the AI script during the scenario, you can effectively handicap the scenario. For a listing of the AI scripts that are available in the campaign editor, see the \uldb \cf1 AI Script Listing\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 7EPJ6D}\cf3 .
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 \b 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OI9QTC}
\plain\b\fs18 RUN AI SCRIPT AT LOCATION\plain\fs18  
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 Identical to \uldb \cf1 Run AI Script\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 2201_VF}\cf3  but specifies a location to run the script at. Certain scripts are designed specifically to target a Location.  For a listing of the AI scripts that are available in the campaign editor, see the \uldb \cf1 AI Script Listing\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 7EPJ6D}\cf3 .
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 69A1EA}
\plain\b\fs18 SET ALLIANCE STATUS\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This allows you to set the value of the affected players\'92 alliance status.  
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4246J85}
\b SET COUNTDOWN TIMER
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 This allows you to set a countdown timer, in \ul \ul\cf2 game seconds\plain\fs18\cf2 {\v 61GQ_ON}\plain\fs18 , which will appear at the top of the game screen and count down automatically. There is one countdown timer shared by all players.  Any time the countdown timer is not equal to zero, it is displayed to all players.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li715 You can also use this action to add or subtract time from the countdown timer.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} D100.X}
\b SET DEATHS\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This will set the death counter of a particular unit, for the specified player, to a value listed in the action. 
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ES2CKH}
\b SET DOODAD STATE\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 The Installation tileset contains several doodads that can be enabled or disabled. The doors and concealed turrets can be set to start in one state or another by double clicking on them in the main window, but this action allows you to change their state during the course of the scenario. A location must be drawn around the doodads that you wish to affect with this action.
\par 
\par Enabling a door closes it, and enabling a turret causes it to activate and attack any enemies of the trigger owner.
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2NUK_0R}
SET INVINCIBILITY\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 This action makes the specified unit or units Invincible. Invincible units cannot be targeted or attacked, and take no damage.
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11CRT2Y}
\b SET MISSION OBJECTIVES\plain\fs18  
\par \pard\li715 \cf3 Changes the mission objectives text to something other than what was defined at the outset of the level. While this doesn\'92t actually change the victory or defeat conditions for the scenario, it can be used to notify the players of changes to the scenario\'92s objectives.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355 
\par \pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13I_O5Y}
\b SET NEXT SCENARIO\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715 This trigger offers the ability to link multiple user-created maps together to form one large campaign. To do so, choose this trigger, and click on the \uldb \cf1 scenario\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 3FN2_HC}\cf3  option that is listed. This gives you the ability to select a previously designed map, and link it to this level. Note that this is a single player feature only. For more information on setting the next scenario, see the \uldb \cf1 Creating a Campaign\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 01BDPO}\cf3 .
\par \pard \b 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V.GPLT}
\plain\b\fs18 SET RESOURCES\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715 The set resources action allows you to increase, decrease, or set the amount of resources that a player has. 
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KZJNPY}
\b SET SCORE
\par \pard\li715 \plain\fs18 The set score action lets you the increase, decrease, or set the number of \uldb \cf1 points\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1DQYULN}\plain\fs18  that a player currently has. 
\par \pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6060K_}
\b SET SWITCH\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li1075\fi-355 \cf3 The set switch action can be used to:
\par 
\par \pard\li1075\fi-355\tx1075 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Set a switch to its \i set\plain\fs18\cf3  position.\b 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf3 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Clear a switch to its \i cleared\plain\fs18\cf3  position.\b 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf3 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Toggle a switch: if a switch is \i cleared\plain\fs18\cf3 , it becomes \i set\plain\fs18\cf3 ; if it is \i set\plain\fs18\cf3 , it becomes \i cleared\plain\fs18\cf3 .\b 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf3 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Randomly choose between the \i set\plain\fs18\cf3  or \i cleared\plain\fs18\cf3  position.\b 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 \plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 You may also modify the switch names from this dialog box.\b 
\par \pard\tx1075 \plain\fs18 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13KKEL6}
\b TALKING PORTRAIT
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 \plain\fs18 This will show the unit picture of your choice in the unit window in the game screen for the specified amount of time.
\par \pard\tx1075 \b\cf3 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .U6O.Z}
\plain\b\fs18 TRANSMISSION\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 \cf3 A transmission is a combination of several different actions. First, you need to specify which unit at a location you want to send the transmission. This unit\'92s portrait will be displayed for the duration of the transmission. You then need to select a WAV file to play, how long to animate the unit portrait, and what text message to display for players that have \b Subtitles\plain\fs18\cf3  turned on. The player receiving the transmission will receive a minimap ping when the transmission starts, and can press the space bar to center their screen on the unit sending the transmission.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx1075 \b 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 \plain\fs18\cf3 Note that this action has no effect on computer players, and it will prevent any other action (in the same trigger) from resuming until it has finished.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx1075 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1220Y00}
\b UNMUTE UNIT SPEECH\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 This action sets the sound effects for the game back to their original state.
\par \pard\tx1075 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11J.SA7}
\plain\b\fs18 UNPAUSE GAME\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 \cf3 This action resumes the game from a paused session. Note that this has no effect in multiplayer maps and will not effect any computer opponents in single player maps. 
\par \pard\tx1075 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CHV3TJ}
\b UNPAUSE TIMER\plain\fs18\cf3 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 This action will resume the timer from a paused session. 
\par \pard\tx1075 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 80_IOW}
\b VICTORY
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 \plain\fs18\cf3 The game ends in victory for the trigger\'92s owner.  Any players who are not executing a victory action are defeated.
\par \pard\tx1075 
\par \pard\tx1075 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3YZF87}
\plain\b\fs18 WAIT\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\li715\tx1075 \cf3 The wait action is used to delay other actions for the specified number of milliseconds.  Because it is a \i blocking action\plain\fs18\cf3 , no other actions in the same trigger and no other blocking actions in other triggers will activate until it is done. For a list of blocking actions, see \uldb \cf1 Triggers: Guidelines\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v ._V.Z4}\cf3 .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Triggers: AI Scripts}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7EPJ6D}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers, AI Scripts}
\plain\b\fs28 Triggers: AI Scripts
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 The Campaign Editor offers a variety of AI scripts that can be used to alter the computer behavior in a \'93Use Map Settings\'94 game. These scripts, when applied correctly, give you the ability to dynamically alter the behavior of the computer AI. \i Note that by default, computer controlled players defend themselves but do not build or attack unless assigned an AI script.\plain\fs18  In other \uldb \cf1 Game Types\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 106GEFL}\plain\fs18 , the computer AI defaults to the Custom Level script appropriate for its species.
\par \pard\sa115 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7.V795}
\i\b Scripts available in \uldb \cf1 Run AI Script\plain\i\b\fs18\cf1 {\v 2201_VF}\plain\i\b\fs18 :
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\b\fs18 Send all Units on Strategic Suicide Missions\plain\fs18  \'96 All computer units will mass and attack one target at a time until all enemy structures and units are dead.
\par \b Send all Units on Random Suicide Missions\plain\fs18  \'96 All computer units will choose random targets and attack anything that they see.
\par \b Switch Computer Player to Rescuable\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer town will become a rescuable area, and the player(s) in the campaign can gain control of all available units and/or structures.\b 
\par \pard\sa115 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DCWU8P}
\i Scripts available in \uldb \cf1 Run AI Script At Location\plain\i\b\fs18\cf1 {\v OI9QTC}\plain\i\b\fs18 :
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \plain\fs18 Any scripts marked with \b [Expansion]\plain\fs18  prior to their names have two selections.  One selection will be with the \b [Expansion]\plain\fs18  predicate, the other without.  If you choose a script that has the \b [Expansion]\plain\fs18  predicate, the AI will utilize the new units that have been included in Brood War.
\par \b [Expansion] Terran Custom Level\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build a town, expand that town, and attack any enemies that it encounters on the map. 
\par \b [Expansion] Zerg Custom Level\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build a town, expand that town, and attack any enemies that it encounters on the map.
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \b [Expansion] Protoss Custom Level\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build a town, expand that town, and attack any enemies that it encounters on the map.
\par \b [Expansion] Terran Campaign Easy\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will only build basic units (Goliaths, non-cloaking Wraiths, non siege-mode Tanks, etc.) \b 
\par [Expansion] Terran Campaign Medium\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all basic units, and research the basic level technologies. Science vessels and \'93nukes\'94 are not researched.\b 
\par [Expansion] Terran Campaign Difficult\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all units with all research abilities.\b 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 [Expansion] Terran Campaign Insane\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all units and research abilities.  After doing so, the computer will school you in the art of playing Starcraft.\b 
\par [Expansion] Terran Campaign Area Town\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will harvest only, no attack. This is useful for \'93mining\'94 bases.\b 
\par [Expansion] Zerg Campaign Easy\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all basic units (Mutalisks, Zergling, etc.)\b 
\par [Expansion] Zerg Campaign Medium \plain\fs18 \'96 The computer will build all basic units, and research the basic level technologies. The computer will continue to research until the Ultralisk unit can be produced.
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \b [Expansion] Zerg Campaign Difficult\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all units, and research all technologies. \b 
\par [Expansion] Zerg Campaign Insane\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all units, and research all technologies. After doing so, the computer will school you in the art of playing Starcraft.\b 
\par [Expansion] Zerg Campaign Area Town\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will harvest only, no attack. This is useful for \'93mining\'94 bases.\b 
\par [Expansion] Protoss Campaign Easy\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all basic units (until the Scout units can be produced.)\b 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 [Expansion] Protoss Campaign Medium\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all basic units, and research the basic technology tree (stopping at the Carrier units.)\b 
\par [Expansion] Protoss Campaign Difficult\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all units, and research all technologies.\b 
\par [Expansion] Protoss Campaign Insane\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will build all units, and research all technologies.  After doing so, the computer will school you in the art of playing Starcraft.\b 
\par [Expansion] Protoss Campaign Area Town\plain\fs18  \'96 The computer will harvest only, no attack. This is useful for \'93mining\'94 bases.\b 
\par \pard\sa115\li715 Set Player To Enemy\plain\fs18  \'96 This will make all units within a selected region enemies with the player processing the trigger.\b 
\par Set Player To Ally\plain\fs18  \'96 This will make all units within a selected region allies with the player processing the trigger.\b 
\par Value this Area Higher\plain\fs18  \'96 This will set a region as \'93important\'94 to the computer AI. After this has been processed, the computer will send forces to this region to defend it.\b 
\par Enter Closest Bunker\plain\fs18  \'96 All units within the region specified will enter the closest bunker, as long as a bunker is available for them to enter.
\par \pard\sa115\li715 \b Enter Transport\plain\fs18  \'96 All units within the region specified will enter the closest transport, as long as a transport is available for them to enter.
\par \b Exit Transport\plain\fs18  \'96 All units within a transport in the region specified exit that transport.\b 
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 With the exception of Area Town scripts, only one Campaign AI script should be run for each player.  Each Campaign AI Script is associated with a Location. This Location must be centered near a source of Minerals and a source of Vespene Gas. 
\par Campaign AI scripts are designed to start with an advantage over the player in initial resources and units. They will attempt to wear down players over time. They do not expand aggressively and perform best if supplied with enough starting resources to build through the technology tree (roughly 6000 each of gas and minerals).
\par \pard\sa115 Custom AI scripts are designed to start with the same resources as other players. They expand to gain new resources and attack players aggressively. Only one Custom AI script should be run for each player. They should not be used with Campaign AI scripts.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0001}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Scenario Walkthrough}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 38P.YY5}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Tutorials,;Tutorials, Scenario Walkthrough}
\b\fs28 Scenario Walkthrough
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 This walkthrough will lead you through the process of creating a simple, two-player map. At the end of the tutorial, you should have a basic understanding of Starcraft maps and the tools used to create them. 
\par Follow each step carefully. If you make a mistake at any time, go to the \b Edit\plain\fs18  menu and select \b Undo\plain\fs18 .
\par \uldb \cf1 Begin\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0002}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1K1VZT}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Step 1: Starting a New Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 From the \b File\plain\fs18  menu, select \b New\plain\fs18 . A \i New Scenario\plain\fs18  dialog will appear.
\par In the dialog box, under the \i Scenario Size\plain\fs18  section, you will see a pull-down menu for \b Width\plain\fs18 . Select \i 64\plain\fs18  as your \b Width\plain\fs18 . Since the \b Square Map\plain\fs18  checkbox is enabled, the \b Height\plain\fs18  control automatically updates to match your selection for \b Width\plain\fs18 . 
\par Next, under the \i Scenario Type\plain\fs18  section, select \i Space Platform\plain\fs18  as your tileset from the \b Tileset \plain\fs18 list. A tileset consists of a themed set of terrain types that can be used to make a map. The Space Platform tileset contains man-made metal platforms and starry space. 
\par \pard\sa115 In the \b Default Terrain\plain\fs18  list, select \i Space. \plain\b\fs18 Default Terrain\plain\fs18  is the terrain type that will fill the map when it is first created. 
\par Finally, click the \b OK\plain\fs18  button. 
\par After a moment, you will see the main window appear. It will be completely black, since we have chosen \i Space\plain\fs18  as our \i Default Terrain\plain\fs18 . You can start creating space platforms in the next section.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\uldb 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0003}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1K1VZU}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \plain\b\fs28 Step 2: Laying out the Terrain
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Take a look at the \b mini map\plain\fs18  in the upper left portion of the editor. The mini map shows you the entire surface of the map. Notice the white rectangle at the upper left corner of the mini map. This rectangle indicates what part of the map is shown in the main window. Right now, both the mini map and the main window are black. This is because we  chose \i Space\plain\fs18  as our \i Default Terrain\plain\fs18  in the previous section.
\par For our example, we want to create two space platforms at opposite ends of the map. Before we can do so, we need to select a terrain brush. At the left edge of the editor, below the mini map, is the \b Tool Tree\plain\fs18 .
\par \pard\sa115 Under the \i Space Platform Terrain\plain\fs18  folder of the \b Tool Tree\plain\fs18 , select \i Platform\plain\fs18 . Your brush should now be set to paint solid platforms, hovering in space.
\par In the main window, left-click and drag with the green, diamond-shaped terrain brush to lay down some Platform tiles. Lay down enough tiles to fill about half the window.  Notice that the mini map updates the upper left corner of the map to show the new platform tiles you have created. 
\par Next, you will create a platform in the lower right of the map. You can use the scrollbars in the Main Window to take you there, but there is also a shortcut:
\par \pard\sa115 In the mini map, left-click on the lower right corner of the map.  Your view has jumped to a new area in the main window, and the white rectangle in the mini map is now located in the lower right corner of the map. This is where you want to draw the second platform.
\par In the main window, paint about half the screen with platform tiles. Looking at the mini map, you should now have two platforms located at opposite corners of the map.
\par Finally, you will connect these two locations. For variety, try a different type of space platform. 
\par \pard\sa115 From the \b Tool Tree\plain\fs18 , under the \i\ul Space Platform Terrain\plain\fs18  folder, select \i Dark Platform\plain\fs18 . Your brush is now set to paint with the \i Dark Platform\plain\fs18  terrain type.
\par In the main window, click and drag to draw a line from the space platform towards the first platform located in the upper-left corner. Notice that as you reach the edge of the screen, the screen scrolls to keep up with your drawing. You can see where you are going by watching the mini map. Once you have reached the first platform, stop.
\par \pard\sa115 You have just finished laying out the terrain for our two-person Starcraft map. You have learned to use terrain brushes, the mini map and the drawing tools. In the next section, you will place resources on your map.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\uldb 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0004}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1K1VZV}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \plain\b\fs28 Step 3: Providing Resources
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 You will need to provide resources for players to gather during the game. Like terrain, you use brushes to place resources on the map. Resources are considered units and can be found under the \i Neutral Units\plain\fs18  folder of the Tool Tree. This time, however, you will learn how to pick brushes from an alternative to the Tool Tree, the \b Brush Palette\plain\fs18 .
\par From the \b Window\plain\fs18  menu, choose \b New Brush Palette\plain\fs18 . A floating palette will appear containing a pull-down menu and several icons.
\par \pard\sa115 Near the top of the \b Brush Palette\plain\fs18 , choose \b Resources\plain\fs18  from the pull-down menu. The palette icons will change to display three icons of mineral resources and one of a vespene geyser. 
\par Select the \i vespene geyser\plain\fs18  icon. Your brush is now set to place a vespene geyser.
\par At the upper-left of the map, in the main window, left-click once to place a single vespene geyser somewhere on the surface of the platform. 
\par From the \b Brush Palette\plain\fs18 , choose one of the \i mineral\plain\fs18  icons. All three types of Mineral Fields are identical in function.  There are three types to provide graphical variety. 
\par \pard\sa115 On the same platform, place seven mineral deposits nearby the geyser. You now have a complete set of resources for a single player. Scroll or use the mini map to reach the opposite corner of the map and repeat placing the geyser and minerals for the second player\'92s platform.
\par Both players now have their own platforms complete with resources. You have learned to use the Brush Palette as an alternative to the Tool Tree, and you can select and place resources on the map. In the next section, we will complete our map by selecting Start Locations for our players.
\par \pard\sa115 \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\uldb 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0005}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1K1VZW}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \plain\b\fs28 Step 4: Placing Start Locations
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 Each player in Starcraft requires a Start Location. 
\par From the \b Tool Tree\plain\fs18 , under the \i Player 1\plain\fs18  folder, select the \i Start Location\plain\fs18  brush from its folder. Your cursor now takes on the shape of the \i Start Location\plain\fs18  marker.
\par Scroll or use the mini map to jump to the upper left corner of the map. Place the first Player\'92s \i Start Location\plain\fs18  nearby the minerals and geysers. Notice that the cursor changes color as it roams over the resources. When the cursor is red, or partially red, you cannot place the item in that location. The cursor needs to be completely green in order to place the \i Start Location\plain\fs18 . You will find that the \i Start Location\plain\fs18  needs to be placed at least three tiles away from any minerals or geysers. 
\par \pard\sa115 You may also use the \b Brush Palette\plain\fs18  to select Start Locations.
\par The \b Tool Tree\plain\fs18  has separate folders for each player, but the \b Brush Palette\plain\fs18  only refers to the current player. Since Start Locations are specific to each player, we need to switch the current player to \i Player 2\plain\fs18 .
\par From the \b Player \plain\fs18 menu, select \i Player 2\plain\fs18 . The \b Brush Palette\plain\fs18  now correctly refers to Player 2.
\par From\i  \plain\fs18 the \b Brush Palette\'92s\plain\fs18  pull-down menu, choose Start Location and select its icon.
\par \pard\sa115 Scroll or use the mini map to jump to the lower right corner of the map, and place a \i Start Location\plain\fs18  for \i Player 2\plain\fs18 .
\par You have learned how to set the active player and place Start Locations for each player in the game. In the next section, you will spend time using your new knowledge to enhance and decorate your map.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\uldb 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0006}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1K1VZX}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \plain\b\fs28 Step 5: Enhancing the Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 You now have two platforms for players and a bridge between them. Now is the time to enhance the map. 
\par Explore the various other terrain types. Lay down some more terrain. Create and connect more platforms. Experiment with different elevations and looks. If you even make a mistake, just go to the \b Edit\plain\fs18  menu and select \b Undo\plain\fs18 .
\par Place additional resources on the map. Players often need to expand past their first colony and need resources to do so.
\par When you are satisfied with the general layout of your map, spice up terrain with \uldb \cf1 Doodads\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PGEEH2}\plain\fs18  such as ramps, solar collectors and other interesting objects.
\par \pard\sa115 When you are done, it is time to save and play your map in Starcraft.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}
\par \uldb Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0007}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1K1VZY}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Step 6: Saving and Playing the Map
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18\cf3 From the \b File\plain\fs18\cf3  menu, select \b Save\plain\fs18\cf3 . A save dialog box will appear. 
\par The editor defaults to saving maps in the Starcraft\i  Maps\plain\fs18\cf3  directory. You must save your maps to this directory in order to load them from the game.
\par Make sure you are in the Starcraft \i Maps\plain\fs18\cf3  directory, type in a name for your map, and then press \b Save\plain\fs18\cf3 .
\par Your map is now ready to be played in Starcraft. Exit the Campaign Editor and run Starcraft. 
\par Choose \b Play Custom\plain\fs18\cf3  from the Starcraft single player \i Campaign Screen\plain\fs18\cf3 . A load screen with a view of the Maps directory will appear.
\par \pard\sa115 Choose your map from the list. In the display just below the file list, you will see slots for two players. The first slot will be for you, the human player, and the second will be for the computer.
\par Click \b OK\plain\fs18\cf3 . After a moment, you will be in the game.
\par Notice that you start with a colony center and four workers, even though you never placed any units on your map. In all \uldb \cf1 Game Types\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 106GEFL}\cf3  except \'93Use Map Settings\'94, Starcraft automatically creates four workers and a colony center at the start location for each player.
\par \pard\sa115 That concludes the tutorial. You now have the basic skills for creating maps and playing them in Starcraft. 
\par \uldb \cf1 Map Building Tips\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0008}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7AD9LU}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Map Building Tips
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \plain\f1\fs18\cf3 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Every map in Starcraft must have at least two active players with starting locations somewhere on the map. For more information, see \uldb \cf1 Saving a Map\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 1W9OTO3}\cf3 .
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Select your Default Terrain carefully when creating a new map. Selecting a Default Terrain that matches the majority of the map\'92s terrain type can save you time and effort.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 When creating a new map, uncheck the \b Square Map\plain\fs18\cf3  checkbox if you want the map to have different values for height and width.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Most tilesets provide three levels of elevation.  Maps that make use of multiple elevations are usually more interesting than those that do not.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Use different terrain types to add detail and variety to your map. You can also use \uldb \cf1 Doodads\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v PGEEH2}\cf3  to place unique features such as ramps.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 When creating mineral fields, use all three types to make your fields look more natural and interesting.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 A good number for mineral fields is eight per player. This provides the best balance for most games.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Place only one vespene geyser near each player. This provides plenty of gas for each player.
\par \pard\sa115\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1 \'b7\tab \plain\fs18\cf3 Place minerals and gas close to each other, so that players can mine them efficiently from the same colony center.
\par \pard\tx355 \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\cf3 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Trigger Tutorial}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MY.DAZ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Triggers, Tutorial;Tutorials, Triggers}
\plain\b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 This tutorial will teach you the basics of using triggers in Starcraft maps.  Each step presents you with a screenshot of the state of the Trigger dialog annotated with information. By clicking through the screens, you will simulate moving through the Trigger wizard to create a trigger that allows the first player with twenty-five kills to win the game.
\par \uldb \cf1 Begin\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v 9YKVDL>trigger}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0001}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9YKVDL}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step One
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm0.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 From the \b Scenario\plain\fs18  menu, select \b Triggers\plain\fs18 .
\par This dialog is the first screen of the Trigger wizard. The Trigger wizard walks you through the creation of a trigger, step-by-step. It confirms that you have entered all the proper information, and that the information is complete, before advancing to the next step. 
\par \b Note:\plain\fs18  Clicking on any of the buttons or fields in this graphic will display helpful information on its purpose.
\par To step through this tutorial, perform the actions specified under the \b Step\plain\fs18  sections, or simply click on the \i next\plain\fs18  \i page\plain\fs18  and \i previous\plain\fs18  links found at the bottom of each page.
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs18  Click on the \b New\plain\fs18  button.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0002}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP2}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Two
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm1.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 Triggers can apply to specific players and forces, or to all players.  During the game, Starcraft looks at each player in turn, evaluating all triggers associated with that player. 
\par This part of the Trigger wizard allows you to associate Triggers with players and forces by checking their checkboxes. You may associate a trigger with more than one player, or assign a trigger to everybody by enabling the \b All Players\plain\fs18  checkbox.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115 When you assign a trigger to a force, that trigger is evaluated for all players on that force. See\f2  \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf1 Forces\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v ZGUOTO}\plain\f2\fs18  \plain\fs18 for more information.\f2 
\par \pard\sa115 \plain\fs18 For our example, we will assign the trigger to all players in the game, since we want the victory condition to be the same for everyone.\uldb 
\par \plain\b\fs18 STEP:\plain\fs18  Click on the \b All Players\plain\fs18  checkbox.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0003}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP3}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Three
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm2.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 You will notice that the All Players checkbox is now enabled. 
\par \b STEP:\plain\fs18  Click the \b Next\plain\fs18  button.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0004}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP4}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Four
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm3.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 A Trigger is composed of a condition and an action. Starcraft periodically checks to see if events in the game fulfill a condition. If so, the trigger\'92s action is performed on the current player.
\par This is the step where you must define the condition for the trigger. We want to create a trigger that checks to see if any player has made five or more kills. If so, then we want that player to win. 
\par \b STEP:\plain\fs18  Click \b New\plain\fs18  to create a new condition.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115 \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0005}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP5}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Five
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm4.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 Starcraft provides you with a list of conditions to choose from in the pull-down menu located at the top of this dialog.
\par When you select a condition, the full text of the condition appears in the box just below the pull-down menu. The text of the condition describes, in plain English, what that condition will be looking for in the game. 
\par \b STEP:\plain\fs18  Open the pull-down menu by clicking on its arrow.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0006}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP6}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Six
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm5.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 Choose the KILL condition from the pull-down menu.
\par \b STEP:\plain\fs18  Click on the \b KILL\plain\fs18  condition.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0007}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP7}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Seven
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm6.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 The text of the \b KILL\plain\fs18  condition appears in the box above.
\par The initial text of the condition is generic. It is just there to get you started. You need to replace each underlined portion of the condition with the appropriate information before proceeding. In our case, we will start by changing the \'93player\'94 field to refer to a specific player.
\par \b STEP:\plain\fs18  Click on the \b Player \plain\fs18 field of the condition text.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0008}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP8}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Eight
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm7.SHG\}
\par \pard A small dialog box appears, allowing you to select a player from the pull-down menu.
\par 
\par \fs20 The condition will be evaluated for the player specified in the \'93Player\'94 field.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Open the pull-down menu by clicking on its arrow.
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0009}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP9}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Nine
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm8.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 In our example, we have chosen to check if \i Current Player\plain\fs18  has killed any units.
\par \b STEP:\plain\fs18  Click the \b Current Player\plain\fs18  selection.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:000a}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP10}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Ten\plain\fs28 
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \fs18 \{bmc bm9.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 This will use the Current Player type for the Trigger evaluation.
\par \b STEP:\plain\fs18  Click the \b OK\plain\fs18  button.
\par \uldb \cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:000b}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP11}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Eleven
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm10.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 Notice that \'93Player\'94 has been updated to reflect your choice of \i Current Player\plain\fs20 . 
\par 
\par Now you will want to change the \'93number\'94 field to the number of units that need to be killed for a victory. 
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click on the \b Quantity\plain\fs20  field of the condition text.
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:000c}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP12}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Twelve
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm11.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 A dialog appears allowing you to set a specified number, and whether to test for \i more\plain\fs20  or \i fewer\plain\fs20  of that number.
\par 
\par You may enter any value in the number field ranging between 1 and 999,999,999.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click on the \b Number\plain\fs20  box to specify the number value.
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:000d}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP13}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Thirteen
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm12.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 There are two ways to modify the number field:
\par 
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1\fs18 \'b7\tab \plain\fs20 Type in the number
\par \f1\fs18 \'b7\tab \plain\fs20 Use the up and down arrows next to the number field to increment or decrement the number.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 The example\'92s entered value is \'9325 or more\'94, since we are checking for 25 or more units killed.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click \b OK\plain\fs20  to enter this value into the condition.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:000e}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP14}
\b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Fourteen
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm13.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 \fs20 Notice that the number field has been updated to show \'9325 or more\'94 units.
\par \pard Now we must specify the type of units that we want to count towards our condition.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click on the \b Units\plain\fs20  field.
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:000f}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP15}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Fifteen
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm14.SHG\}
\par \pard\sa115 \fs20 This dialog allows you to specify the class of units that this condition will track.
\par \pard Players should win when they have destroyed five of any units, so \'93\b Any Unit\plain\fs20 \'94 is the radio button selected. From the choices displayed, this could have easily been five buildings, or factories, or any specific unit in the game.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click \b OK\plain\fs20 .
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0010}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP16}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Sixteen
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm15.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 Now the condition statement is complete. You can return to this section at any time to modify these values. 
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click \b OK\plain\fs20 .
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0011}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP17}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Seventeen
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm16.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 After defining the condition, we are back at the main condition screen. The condition has been updated to reflect our custom values, and the checkbox next to it shows the condition is active. 
\par 
\par Using the checkboxes, you can turn conditions on and off for triggers. You may also create up to 64 additional conditions for this trigger.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click \b Next\plain\fs20 .
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0012}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP18}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Eighteen
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm17.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 This is where we define actions for the trigger. Actions are activated whenever the conditions for a trigger have been satisfied.
\par 
\par You can specify multiple actions for each trigger. Right now, there are none. 
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click \b New\plain\fs20  to create a new action.
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0013}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP19}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Nineteen
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm18.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 The dialog for creating an action is almost identical to the one for creating a condition.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click on the arrow to open the pull-down menu.
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0014}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP20}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Twenty
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm19.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 The dialog displays a list of actions to choose from. We want our players to win as a result of killing twenty-five or more units, so we choose VICTORY as the action.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click on the \b VICTORY\plain\fs20  action.
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0015}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP21}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Twenty-One
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm20.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 The Victory condition has no values to customize, so we are finished here.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click \b OK\plain\fs20 .
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0016}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP22}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Step Twenty-Two
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm21.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 The action now appears in the action list for the trigger.
\par 
\par You can have up to 64 actions. The actions will execute in the order they are listed. You can move actions up or down the list using the \b Move Up\plain\fs20  and \b Move Down\plain\fs20  buttons. You may also copy and delete actions.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115 \b STEP:\plain\fs20  Click \b Finish\plain\fs20 .
\par \uldb \fs18\cf1 Next Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Next()}\plain\fs18 
\par \uldb \cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0002:0017}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LINK_WIZARDSTEP23}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} trigger}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115 \b\fs28 Trigger Tutorial: Conclusion
\par \pard\qc\sa115 \plain\fs18 \{bmc bm22.SHG\}
\par \pard \fs20 You have just finished your first Trigger. From here, you can add more triggers or exit the Trigger wizard. 
\par 
\par Some tips for handling Triggers:
\par 
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f1\fs18 \'b7\tab \plain\fs20 Good planning prior to entering your triggers will help things go smoothly. Think about the victory and defeat conditions for your map, and what special rules you may want to enforce.
\par \f1\fs18 \'b7\tab \plain\fs20 Keep a record of your triggers. Write them down as you along. It is far easier to refer to your notes than it is to dig through the editor for all your triggers.
\par \f1\fs18 \'b7\tab \plain\fs20 Keep all sides balanced. Victory and defeat conditions can be different for each player, but be careful not to make one side\'92s task easier than the others.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \b\fs18 Use forces when designing maps with triggers. Forces are a useful way to organize and streamline your triggers.
\par \pard\sa115\tx355 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs18\cf1 Previous Section\plain\fs18\cf1 {\v !Prev()}\plain\fs18 
\par }